what the heck? whatsapp automatically deleted all my data? WHY? Yo  what games do you have on your steam ? Sup homie Your Nigga got games on epic more dan steam homie Yo, I got mad titles, fam. Wolfenstein, A Plague Tale, Saints Row 4, Saints Row 2022, Shadow of the Tomb Raider, Ghostwire Tokyo, and hella more, ya dig? The list goin' on forever, my dude g.deev.is Ok And btw download warframe it is a great game Needs 4 gb ram 50 gb free storage and i7 processor yea. Ik Ik

v0's prompt got leaked. you just have to mix this with claude and boom - an actual v0.dev clone.
lets use this more Yo, I got Metro Last Light and Half-Life 2 on Steam, ya dig? *INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE STUDENTS - 23RD NOV*

REPORTING TIME : 10:00 AM
EXPECTED SENDOFF TIME 5:30PM

DRESS CODE - NEAT AND CLEAN WINTER BLUE UNIFORM ( *BLAZER AND ID CARD COMPULSORY)*
NICELY POLISHED SHOES AND PROPER HAIR DO OF GIRLS AND BOYS.

TEST WRITING TIME 10:30 TO 11:15

1- NO EATING INSIDE AUDITORIOUM / ROOMS AT ALL
2- STUDENTS TO BRING THEIR PROPER TIFFIN AND WATER BOTTLE.
3- ALL STUDENTS TO CARRY ONE NOTEBOOK AND A PEN WHEN THEY ARE SITTING IN THE PLENARY SESSION AND THEY HAVE TO KEEP WRITING THE POINTS.
4- NO WASTE TO BE THROWN ON THE FLOOR.
5- *NO MOBILES / ELECTRONIC GADGETS ( if confiscated then not be returned)*
6- ANY KIND OF INDISCIPLINE/MISBEHAVIOR WILL NOT BE TOLERATED AND DISCIPLINE AND GOOD CONDUCT OF THE STUDENTS WILL BE HIGHLY APPRECIABLE.

THANK YOU🙏🏻 aisa message aaya hai tumlogo ke paas? Yes ye bakchodi kyu ho rahi hai? KAHE? like kar. Tu bata na flame him Im also ? He ronaldo fan oh. gaane ka naam pata kar. Idc and cannot actually waste my time on these helpless debates Kids now won't understand the real legacy of legends True

fr. i dmed 24 people and 7 replied.

bc 20 mins me 11 upvotes mil gaye. 50 to hojayenge aaj 🥳🍾 can you believe this actually worked? 3 hours and we are already hitting 50 upvotes! Day rank 4 damn 🗿 I will use this in my portfolio thanks! Arjun add it in the projects of your portfolio And will you work on it for new updates, features and bug fixes? Or leave it so that people can make pull requests ofc. nah, i like my code ✨clean✨ hands in the air watching parachutes fall. you've lost both your legs, lost both your legs. think back when you had it all. it takes off the edge. OKAY I CAN GET A LITTLE VIOLET. my ego out in outer space. i listen for the birds in silence. but I can only hear warplanes. Why you browsing this anyways? twitter pe ek post tha iske baare me, check karne gaya tha. kal aaoge ? Yes Why Why did you check This message was deleted why matlab? aaj koi test hai kya? Dont simp here kuch bhi? Nigga you have done these things in the past 156 upvotes done. bro, this startup has many g2 awards. what do i do? If you have time then go for it thats the thing. no time. You have to sacrifice your sleep nigga Great opportunities come with greater sacrifices parents will be straight against this thing if they hear this. my mom shouts on me so loud when the clock ticks past 10:30. how do i? All you can handle this. Find a way i once tried to explain to them the usual, "if they, why not me?" thing by adding that i actually work to do. but all i got in response was, "humlog tumhe 10-11 baje tak jagne dete hai, bohot parents to itna bhi nahi maante honge."
GTA 5 FREE WEEKEND CLAIM THIS ASAP My parents let me stay up the whole night cause I show them results not only blabber about some God forsaken certificates Those certificates hold no value I still suggest taking a drop year after 12th and explore yourself Put that year for yourself Learn how this world works No one wants certificates all they need is talent Do you understand what I am talking about
skills? built this in a week and people loved this. I am not talking about your certificates and all but that they are not enough to be considered as a result Can you take this idea commercially if not then it is a fucking waste what the fuck bro. i ain't talking about it. yes, i can. At what scale ? Micro or macro Small cap large cap micro saas. Micro requires at least a 100k interactions not these many 😂 im trying anyway. Keep up at least better than not trying. check the comments. 0.9? It should be times 0.1 29TH NOVEMBER NEW TALHA ANJUM ALBUM.

THE TERRIBLE MIND. *MY. Developer of fears to fathom is Indian Blew my mind small account happiness. cus time will tell was released in 2023.

oh wait.
My shitposting career>>>>>> fr. This message was deleted This message was deleted Nvm Arjun stop scrolling ok. this has been stuck in my mind for days. this beat is so good. and the lyrics are straight fire. How many pushups have you progressed to btw idk. haven't done them in a week. alr. i got it. Yeah then you made 0 progress ✨✨✨ Zero after zero aas paas mere ghumte kamine, mujhe kirane se girane ke dhundhte tarike. Tum womb me jabhi the ganje goonjte tabhi se chali ye tune hai jabhi se meri goonj hai gali me Yo guys check out Mahindra be 6e it is top notch Just for 18.9 lakhs Ik No? Holy sheesh 🥵 This message was deleted This message was deleted Also 9e Mahindra 9e 38 lakh starting

bro won at life. Thanks for reminding Bro look at its interior This car is perfect Literally perfect Dude fortuner has 180 bhp and then this thing at 18-30 lakhs has 281 bhp 🤯🤯🤯 Mahindra cooked hard this time It just doesnt have sunroof Only a huge glass On roof Only flaw But who cares This car solos tata Sunroofs are ueless True real madrid lost to liverpool too now 2 - 0, mbappe missed penalty, the game ended with liverpool keeper being the motm and mbappe match rating 5.8 Whats your take? Aint no way Mahindra really cooked this time 💥 I believe that Mbappe should be placed lw and vini should go St Quick question do I buy Mahindra BE 6e or Windsor after this year or after 2 years I think that Mahindra is going to drop some other beasts soon Or tata can also drop something to even the competition 2025 Wait karle Agar yae August mae aajati mae book Kara leta Han Till 2025 end Ok 👌 This will be epic They have promised to release more evs in 2025 Yeah? Yes More* Mahindra really dropped a concept car and then said fuck it lets make it official Yo quick reminder You guys should start investing in companies who make ev car batteries As petrol and diesel are going to be banned within the next decade And then the stocks will rise Ancelotti needs to change tactics Yep project wali sheet bhej do. btw report card mila? mine: 86.55% - 6th rank. (again) i have some really great news. Guess what my niggas The internet is being fooled Mahindra be 6e is just showing its top model for 18.9 lakh which is the base price of be 6e The real price of top model has not been disclosed It's price will easily run for 25 lakhs or more I have chosen a comet ev rn because it is going to give me a good time while other big EVs enter the market then I will buy some other car Eww 25 lakh very good price 28/11/24, 10:56 pm - arjuncodess: mai nahi jaa paunga. 😭😭😭😭😭 Ye delhi kab ayega Hai to ye delhi ka hi It is not a eww it is a ev and trust me with this planning I will get a better car I mean I can get this bad boy within this year if I want 🤷 but I just wanna wait a lil more This message was deleted This message was deleted This message was deleted This message was deleted NEW ALBUM IS OUT!!! Give this album a listen: My Terrible Mind 16 SONGS!!! disc 1 is pure rap. "Mai zyaada bhagu nahi, Raftaar to ek hi" Name: mbappe
Club: Real Madrid
Position: offside Ik Ancelotti made a bold claim today He said that rma will play in UCL Finals

i built with supabase btw.

Baad-e-saba toh wahi hai bas hai ik kami
Ke ab teri zulfon ko chhu ke voh mujhsay guzarti nahi

bro cooked. Pehli baar mili hai? idk. glad to reconnect. Stars ki density zaada hai but pahado me jaake dekhoge to kaafi simmilar sa hai Don't know maybe a galaxy or something Pole star? Idk I will click a pic when I go for trekking Sure Ye dil bechara tasalli bhi chahe kabhi
Ab ke woh aaye toh itni be-dardi se jaaye nahi
Ye dil awaara nikal hi jaata hai kahin
Thehrao nahi
I'm gone again, I'm gone again
Baad-e-saba toh wahi hai bas hai ek kami
Ke ab teri zulfon ko chhu ke woh mujhsay guzarti nahi

must-watch.

bro made a fcking movie. Ok

masterpiece.

im just a chill guy. so do you guys know what is happening with rohan cariappa? the public's response and support from the artists on this is insane. i literally thought iss baar ka hustle achha tha. paid promotions everywhere. praying for rohan bro. (iski vajah se hi krsna ke gaane samajh aate hai) Hustle is shit It was always shit this time it was actually good. not anymore.

bruh, im feeling his anxiety.

shabash! Hello guys hello.

rr 🐐 WINDSURF AI CODE EDITOR IS ALL FREE TILL DECEMBER 11TH. great news. note to myself: ship as fast as possible. need to get done with this quiz app by 5th. and then, the speaking app. interesting concept - untapped niche. Speaking app? thoughts? it will be an app for "fixing introvert's social anxiety" and will ultimately teach you to express through words. using AI ofc. nothing is built without AI these days. ill gamify it too. leaderboard and stuff. Empathy clone bana raha hai? wtf, this exists? i didn't get this anywhere, send me the link or ss. solving my own problems using code. 🫡 need more info. please. what should the mvp contain other than the stuff i told about? Men

rap elia to jaun talha. These apps will be only used by this generation's attention seekers. I suppose that they will put Instagram stories about how they are going through all this and need attention. how? ai can now control the terminal too. :cries: Like you mentioned, it is for fixing introvert's social anxiety so what I mean is that these apps will get the attention of those who always want attention so they can just gain the attention of people by posting ss of these on their stories how? i mean, why even? it will be an app to solve social anxiety and ai-ify public speaking with confidence. 04/12/24, 4:30 pm - Agrim: Bottom border? it's there, idk why not showing up. Avg css bugs nah, it's just not showing on the screenshot. Alr Btw us "X" button (on the right) usme hover effects dalde done. in prod btw. All good then Do you use analyzer urself? *analyzr. yep. Good everything is paid these days. so built my own free service. as simple as that. and it actually works. same. lol, i was so dumb. Ye kon hai lil bro. Mahip nah, not this time. Then whos that? 👀 Oh its ur lil bro JUST TOLD YA. My bad Lil bro is like for someone weaker than you like mahip Little bro hoga woh oh, got it. *little same. kgf 2. same same but different. hdv2 is great. production just on another level. Ladki lol, cool banne ki na kaam koshish. i kinda feel jealous. He is looking like a woman bro even got his username as "mafia" Mahip ki photo to phone se nahi, tablet se leni padti hai (fit nahi ayega 16:9/9:16) me Ruk still vibing with "i should've told you when i had the chance" nice. same $ on 2nd. bro dropped like 5 songs this year and still is in the top 5 of many people. His 1 song is = femiway  1album Quantity vise Quality can't be compared (skill based matchmaking) emiway ki baat hi chodo, yashraj se piche ho gaya. yashraj is a great artist, dropped albums like Meri Jaan Pehle Naach. but what surprises me is yashraj was way behind emiway. _kyuki mai na koi role model. mere haath me hai do bottle._ talent wins every time. talha ki new album suni? hdv2 suna? if you haven't, WHY? Jaisay raat ki raani
Teri chaandni hi to chahte sab
Jaisay raat ki raani
Sab khinchte jaayen teri taraf still thankful to you, for what happened on June 26th. What? Send ss thodi der baad. 07/12/24, 12:53 pm - Agrim: Koi naya gaana thha Bruno mars ka Usme ye main artist thhi bruno mars side artist who bruno mars? Artist He is 3rd in the world ig on spotify Hell nah bro repent ig she from blackpink. Abe hogi mujhe kya Gaana sunne se matlab hai mujhe Repent

✨ Interstellar>>>bollywood Chutiya arjun Kuch bhi nikal ke de dega gaand se Talha anjum aur boywithuke sun wala fr. ok ok. Send this without highlighter Now nigga u want to post this on 8k group Fuking hate you Bitches nah bro nvm. Fatasses Fuckoff snitches Hoes Nah i just want it for future use send calm down bro. can't. Good pfp Its fine bro listen to your fav artists we dont have a problem Its okay just listen to this. Its not even my fav artist I dont even follow ok bro, we don't mind. True, respect personal opinions

ye vaade na karo ya nibhaya bhi karo. Agrim is not a chill guy fr. Good find tho. You will be payed. badshah cus i was listening to bajenge on ek tha raja. The first one 🏳️‍🌈 seedhe maut. ⚔️ fuck you. Atleast i dont follow You follow a gay emo creator who? . Wannabe rapper Frfr listen to two tone, young OG, plug shaart, purpose rap and then talk. Arjun is also a wannabe tho I wont roast him you all are just jealous of mr. most streamed. 🗿 Mr most fucked His pfp roasts him anyway Ok You like men? ... this ui. new update. just listen to this. Claim lego star wars and bus simulator 21 from epic games Nah

G. 🗿 my mama started the convo on the phone with "hello bro" and i feel old now. Are bhaiya apko kabz ki bimari hai kya better. 🫡 nice one. (i won't tell them that it was a rickroll)

$
23 may SORA IS OUT NOW. ye dekh ke motivation aaraha hai. Hello hello. good night. Gn project ideas do. im bored now.

real. i was there.

W THREAD.

BRO RELEASING A WHOLE MOVIE NOW. BROOOOO. ☠️ This doesn't sound dark like dark humour anymore These jokes are now common Beginner dark humor True This message was deleted

💯 project idea: portfolio builder.

thoughts? linktree for your portfolio. Nice nigga *drag and drop. thoughts?

real chill guys. and yes, kshama has 8 songs while shakti has only 4 songs.
explanation? kshama karne ke liye double shakti chahiye hoti hai.

amazing. btw thanks for introducing me to bruno mars. he has a great voice tbh. You guys heard about the willow and Google quantum chip ? Nah I havr been living under a rock recently who hasn't? i even shared it. bro aaj mereko ek sapna aaya, usme tu lucknow vapas shift hogya, aur vapas cms aagaya. lol.

byju's jaise fraudi nahi. lol.
this is the BEST SM MV. Who remembers their dreams? i keep track of them, why? krsna literally did 6 songs this year. how much a rhyme costs? >>> untitled 01.
FINALLY yes. i know about this. G move. She ain't even worth 3 paisa let alone 3 crores bruh, she asked for 3 crores with this face? 😂 the real shit. 😂☠️ unpopular opinion: hdv1 >>> hdv2 Hi hi. Yuvraj ka bhai army me chala gaya Lieutenant Ban gaya ik. ? i have tons of spidey edits on insta. Lame "Ye dil hai koi taash nahi toh na shartein lagaya karo" raftaar bhai ne mujhe bola ki...


IT'S HERE!

winner of the trend. shipped a whole new next-level feature in 1 hour 15 minutes.
THIS is the power of AI.

THIS IS CRAZY! google was really like: you think you can beat me? Arjun do you have to do written work in fiitjee How much who the hell does written work? young og >>> this so good. Do they give it or not like actual written work like in school? then no.

bruh, bro changed topics so fast. movie kae liye pakka chaloge na ? Jaldi batao Bhai mar gaye kya Koi aur bhi isko call Karo Hi Yo heyo, my nigga. dheere dheere mai bhi seekh raha hu. Aur kaise hai My nigga How are you Nothing much was just paying fanum taxes for edging over 2 whole weeks Edging to for 2 weeks? Damn Yeah but Nirmala G has a solid 10 gyatt which made me lose my edging streak Ohhh Nirmala G I hope she skibidi lose all her aura and then go back to the spawn tu chalega ? haven't watched part one even. Fuck off I knew you were gonna start acting emo Emotional black mail how the fuck is that emo? You won't understand Emo nigga it's been a week since i started building this and the MVP is done. adding more templates. + preparing for launch in jan. Damn nigga You achieving great heights recently You deserve to be touched thanks. btw it's almost complete for launch. just the templates and styling. (no designer so this would take so much time) next year's goal: top 1%. 6th January launch alright? monday + winter break. Excited Krsna will counter roast the shit out of samay if he doesnt follow a script Samay gadha lagta hai mujhe Aur uske fans to bhai 🤡 kal metro station pae milna 10:10 tak 10:30 sabko emerald kae paas milna hai Station sae emerald just 8 mins ka hai toh firr we can afford a delay collabs we didn't we needed: king X stanny - fuck what they say. Good grammer 👍 *grammar *didn't knew we unlimited motivation hack. change in plans. ticket ka kya karna hai? 10:30 pe rahunga. Ojas ko call karke puch le call nahi utha raha vo. tu bata kya scene hai. kitne baje ka show hai? screen 3 A7 done. BREAKING NEWS: OPEN AI ACHIEVES AGI, CALLES NEW MODEL O3. there's no O2 bro. You are with us only then tum bhi aarahe ho kya ? Yes haa. call me when free. 22/12/24, 9:23 am - OG Ojas: Bro looks like he is stuck between the evolution of apes to human Nikal rahe ho? 9:30 tak niklunga This message was deleted Tarakki 7 Feb 23. bruh, emerald mere bohot close hai. mai 10:10 pe nikla to 10:20 pe rahunga. Nikal gaye? Han kaha milo gay? Tu gay kaha miloge? Arjun ojas send photos null

introduction anthem. No cap Thats a square 22/12/24, 3:59 pm - arjuncodess:  send photos. Bhej raha baad mae Galti sae hogaya hoga never noticed it till today what happened to the japanese fight in the starting? Was it from pushpa 3? dream. No REFERENCE. Shekhawar didnt deserve this death Arjun rate the movie 8/10. opening scene was great, according to me. Bruh the movie is on YouTube If you want I can share the downloaded movie ik. but theatre wala feel kaha hai. The speakers really played their roles fr. 22/12/24, 9:58 pm - OG Ojas: Yeah yeah This is the only one So next movie when nvm. I believe that we should only make it that we are the only three going next time, please ek ghante pehle ka rakhna aur ek ghante baad jane ka. aur subah nashta raj luxmi me kar lenge. thoughts? Expensive? I don't remember the rates 2027 mae chala jayega toh firr mae car lekar aajaunga idk. itni bhi future planning nahi karni thi. suggest me some footballs to buy for my school which comes with a pump to fill the air Go for kipsta, nivea or nike It should be under 600 Kipsta Will be best Fifa certified balls bruh, bro brought us a Y$M collab. Lund lele Mishika ka ye dekh. Pata hai I checked her channel Also i got to know that you can subscribe to your first creator for free on OF (I didnt subscribe) WTF. THIS IS INSANE. BUY THIS ASAP

IT'S HERE! let's fucking goo. Guys i bought these Also arkham origins for ONLY 56 RUPEES starting marvel rivals rn. Tu bhi kharid rha hai? Good game i have 153 rs. give me the best one to buy. Bro buy all Individual ones are more expensive But collection is hella cheap Downloading arkham city idc. i got only 153 rs. Arkham knight is the best one then Or byy something else And we can share our games 153 ke andar jo aaye, vo bata. Ye dekh le I love batman arkham games So i bought it Ikr Watch loki mvp animation Its so good Also scarlet witch fr. where you going btw? Kahi nahi bas ese hi timepass chal raha thha Rest In Peace Respected Manmohan Singh (kal chhuti hai) Quarantine? true. wordplay peaked here. this is so fucked up. 😂 Bruh mera submission 2nd pe chal raha hai abhi. baaki ka dekha jayega.

built by me.

ye dekh. nope. You blew up? Like one of those allahuakbars?

😭😭😭 le bhai original mil gaya. 60M views. I have fever we have hulk. im in jaipur btw. "2025 is ours." Oh so bro have you done your health insurance yet ? Cause who knows you just might not make it
This kid kinda looks like Agrim happy new year people. Happy new year happy new year. I DID IT! KHATTA FLOW KO EXACTLY TIME KAR DIYA. KRSNA VERSE START AND THEN CLOCK HITS 12. 💪 idk how i controlled the urge to message mishika today. but i did it! 5 mins in. and im still trying to control it. Nigga is it like shit but you get the urge to do that once every year? happy new year people.

wishing you all a happy new year filled with joy and success.

i hope this year bring us closer together and create wonderful memories.

to people i drifted away from, this year or anyway earlier: i hope this year brings you happiness and fulfillment. i miss our times together. you will always have a special place in my heart.

take care, everyone.

sending this on the 8k group. okay? YOU TOO EVERYONE You were the most beautiful part in the previous year and will be the most beautiful part in the coming year. I want to start this year with you as the first moment. I sent this to her on 12 a.m. exact I will be sharing her reaction afterwards nice. but bro you should try talking to her *offline* more. you can tell him Bhai bata de ya firr mae hi bataun tu hi bata de. Ok Toh chhutiyon sae pehle mae aur woh mille thae aur Pratyush bsdk sala wahan pae khade hokar meri aur uski baatein bas sun raha bhai ye banda aram sae wahan sae nikal sakta tha lekin yae wahin pae khada tha Itna hi nahi O2 sae bol raha hai ki bhai ab apni love talks band karo Ojas kae sath lol. This message was deleted This message was deleted This message was deleted This message was deleted nice bro. ill pray for you guys.

ladkiya rap kar rahi hai. They are not suffering from cancer wdym I deleted for everyone by mistake Ye nahi bola maine sale o2 se maine baat bhi nahi ki Saale mujhse toh bol rahe the ussne woh sun liya tha Chalo koi na abhi abhi ek trip plan karke aya hu usske sath
maar di jaye 130 kg ? Nigga its easy last year mene hi 120 kri thhi with belt You should also go for it nice. Bsdk tere kaan me bola tha bas bhai bas.

imagine if this was real. ·  . 　  　　  ⋆ 　 *
·  * ·　　*
✹      　　·
* 　　  ✫

. And with those guns I have as my arms I can easily lift 150 ? Yes Start with lighter weight  and gradually go heavier or just make an assumption of your 1rm and go heavier Oh and I need a suggestion on what to buy from usa ? A mobile A laptop A tablet or something else Bruh tell me something? About what should I get Things are more expensive in usa Nah They are cheaper Like Iphone is 98000 Not above 1 lakh I think I should get a laptop Suggest me some Build a pc Nah My mama mami asked me if I wanted something from there so I don't find myself getting a s24 ultra or anything else useful so a laptop would be good Plus I saw a laptop which was of 2 lakhs and had all the top specs like i9 processor with some thousands hx and 4090 rtx and 100% srGB display So it would be a waste Desktop >>> laptop
Prove me wrong Btw completed arkham city Felt like a movie I know Good luck carrying your desktop For ojas, laptop will be better i think Thank you Yeah that is a plus point cause I have a really mobile kinda work BLINKIT. 👑 Btw this is the work of the government at least they took the initial initiative. Innovation im in pushkar, anything you want for your girl? ornaments to be specific. or show pieces? Hmm a gift for O2 Get me something which resembles a butterfly If you can get a pendant it would be the best And lemme know the price first cause you owe me about 100 rupees in the fast food so I will just minus that Uth ka gobar kha le no money bro. i have six pairs of earrings as well. if she wears any. ghar aake yaad aaya ki mera to 602 din pehle kat chuka hai. Why do you have earrings okay. just roaming the street and finding stuff. confirm this, i will share the colors then. Yeah that will do ok. just sending about the colors and all. Yeah yeah I am not asking for that money but in exchange I am asking for a gift for her I also want a pendant for her not only this luck matters bro. agar mile hi na to? lamba wala.
yellow.

chota wala.
blue, yellow, peech, blue, green. mai photo bhej dunga. Ok i'll get you 2-3 things. don't worry. No prob I will just get her one myself Alr Anjana ma'am nae tumhe bhi woh chart diya hai holiday homework mae Ch 20 ka Idk Bkl Apne class kae kisi launde sae pucho aur agar diya hai toh mujhe bhi bhej dena roamed the streets 2 times, no clue of this. Bruh k no prob anything else? Guys claim hell let loose from epic 2025 is the best year for gaming Nah

bhai, ye kaha ka hai?

real. create a rap verse based on this:

lactose, lacoste, lack toes, act close, lack hoes. *lacoste is a brand. jack holes. ☠️ crack jokes. No This funny, i laughed This wasnt meant for you anyway my nigga Me see funny me laugh me dont care who its meant for 04/01/25, 7:50 pm - Pratyuush 👽: No bhy? (why) my life my rules my style my attitude you love me or hate me i dont care so dont play with me no, it's "mAh LiFe, MaH rULeS." see my status. Notch started a new company i think His new minecraft will rival the old minecraft I have it You sent it long time ago Bruh agrim is shorter than me plus my height allows me to be semi pro in all sports plus I have a good physique plus I have monstrous strength plus I have so much of my jump that I can jump about 7 ft 11 inches measured it via official volleyball net and plus I can pull bitches plus I have a girl whom I can proudly say that I can marry plus I can still do all of the work tall people can and it is just genetics if my father was a 5'11 I would rn standing 6 feet easily Anyone playing marvel rivals? Should I get a one plus 12r ? No Nigga im 5"7' i got meassured yesterday And ill still grow For strength, i dip 60+40 I pullup with extra 30kg For 6 reps And deadlift 120 Does that mean messi is as tall as me Also I practice muay thai Tune lamba hoke bhi kya ukhad liya tu abhi koi tournament me jayega Summer me State Football Nah currently injured But if you join then I suppose I will join a new club this year thinking of techtro Ab bank balance kitna lamba uski baat karle ? 😗 05/01/25, 7:56 pm - OG Ojas: What do you think plus this is not delhi so limited options And I cannot stick to sai cause I don't want to be a one club wonder And I literally go against my parents will to play football so no support from them either Life is hard but I am still harder bank hai hi nahi. 🗿 no bro, you too got no one. time will tell. vo alag baat hai And what ? I don't even care about it if it is her be it if it is not be it leave it bro, it's useless to type now. haha! great jokes on your end. 😂🫵 My bank balance can “buy” height No jokes all truth I have got a lot more options than you know keep talking. 😂 Bro thinks that this makes him look cool. In truth ig pratyush knows a lil about my dark humour and well Agrim knows a lot more ok. Say your dad stays far away then how does your ___ ______'_ ___self Fill in the blanks ? Try to solve it ? Before I put some letters In your blanks Solved it yet ? Or want some bold things ? ok. Even  won't understand some jokes made here Want a ride on some jokes ? nah. im most probably switching to Allen. Bro sounds like a prostitute One night stand ? Orchestra ? Hmm Bro had to switch things up so lame What happened Minor or major Bihar ka archestra Randiyon ka naach Good luck then bro Kidding I had a severe injury in the knee and twisted my ankle My worst injury was a glute tear Literally gand fat gayi So I will be playing from right about a week or maybe 3-4 days Bruh Arjun gonna make a lame joke again on this one He never suffered an injury he isnt man enough He is the type of guy who is scared of physical players Man more like bro rides his own cock 😂 Can you fill in the blanks ? Im not gonna go for these puzzles man Ask some black person K so the answer is mom please's herself I guess some scissors might have helped her This one? Is this getting dark can you check it Agrim Exactly I don't wanna make a certain black pole cry 😂 Cause bitches only use it to pee The pole is also slouched (struggled to support some pole dancers dance on it) dark horaha hai ? Ki abhi aur bhi karna padega ? Probably because it has not been turned on for some decades 🤔 Dysfunctioning pole you gonna take commerce right ? In 11th Yes W math Take legal studies instead Maths is fucked up with commerce Tumne to jaldi start kari hai Kaisi hai? Commerce only requires simple mathematics Tough af And which subject is thr toughest? One mistake and your journal,cash book,and ledger are all wrong Plus one question requires about 2 pages Damn Woh to pta hai Accounts As expected Cause we have not been introduced to balance sheet yet Balance sheet ke baad asaan ho jayega? There are like 12 diff things before balance sheet That is the last stage Hmm This is what companies use Balance sheet I mean Haa companies ka total And if you don't wanna get cheated on in any financial and real world crisis then you should take legal studies Profit taxes wagera Yeah Likha hota h Law? Yes Legal studies means that Haa Woh bhi le skta hu More like lawda for men True Atul subhash ya fir ca wala case hi dekh lo Maths is literally not required with commerce cause all that sin cos tan is not gonna come True Finance related stuff? Plus commerce with legal studies accounts and economics opens up like 150 + career options alone Yep only simple subtraction division profits and losses addition and all that stuff Like 8th grader maths Lemme send you a pic of just the journal it will be incomplete though The second half is on the other page Nice This is my holiday homework btw I haven't completed it yet 🥲 Holiday homework krta hai tu? Me to kabhi na karu Cms hai mitar 12 projects bhi bana chuka hun Cms me bhi nahi kiya Woh junior tha mitar inke toh marks milte hai 😐 liverpool vs man united ane wala hai 1 ghante me Liverpool gonna win As a mun fan and a rma fan my sadness and my happiness both are equal Ok *majboori hai. Why Bro got disowned He was caught with his hand inside his panties Halftime hogaya 0-0 Rn fiitjee ending. sabko Allen me karva rahe hai. rr? Maguire fucked up pretty badly 🥲 But he has 7.2 rating tho Yeah but that goal was a match winning one

chat, is this real?

ye kya sun liya bhai. 🫠

it's probably ai. Th is this anti muslim and anti hindi trend going on on x This aint twitter Too much freedom of speech True Hate against indians and muslim people is a trend rn ik. connor price >>> start an OF with flux ai images. 💰💰💰 koi game kheloge New Game Farlight kheloge? Marvel rivals khel rha hu Aaj kal 4.4M in 2 days.

1.6M in 13 days. Who is the 2nd girl don't play with me. the account shows "new." Koi r hoyegi mere paas itna time nahi hoga. doesn't even use insta. Not me btw what is meant by age rims? New people follow anyone thinking the other person will follow back increasing their follower count Inside joke hai comment kyu kiya fir. Idk Maybe its your frens from class Or smth But its no one from this group class me 14 bacche hai mere. usme ek ladki hai, vo bhi pagal type hai. (+ moti hai) bodyshaming ke liye report na karna. Ladka hoga koi Ladki ke roop me fr. yea, ok. Dev.to se ho sakti hai shayad nice one. web scraping skills to use. 🗿 I dont think your classmates know about you being a developer two of them know. Or even if they know i dont think they give a fuk exactly. no way this is her. Anya yang , anyahx.x0 Woh hi hai Have you added an link to your instagram profile? yes. linktr.ee/arjuncodess The average skinny european white cuck in the background thanks for the new word. how? pfp dekh aur "anya yang" dekh. Name The account which posted that counters anti indian hate posts i don't think so. Its used for christian people by anti indian hate communities Wiggas
could you help me 2:1 ratio this guy? bruh, on google is said "man whose wife is unfaithful" 70 percent chance of being a power lesbian Ok but how I dont use twitter lemme just download it By wooping his ass So should i retweet him with hate speech? Just reply nice one. With most offensive things for british people boah of woah. Are you sure hes Britisher Or american Yes Maybe from a 3rd world country like Azerbaijan Ok Reply here if you know the current mass r*pe situation of uk +1. nice point. With that, just remind that half of his british ass surivived by looting india only +1. Also add a photo of how dirty streets of london are I said i wont reply keep crying so sadly i cant reply Cuz the topic was too childish "Indians dont shower" Bet he is a random kid Show him the chart of "countries with the most bathing habits" Also remind him that shampoo was invented in india Shit wait. fr? +1. Ok ill do it You didnt know nigga? Ill retweet now i know. 😎 that guy is probably shitting bricks by now Fr 😂

new music. this is actually so good. skits >>> x.com/physics__wallah/status/1876610024329376219

nah. this is huge. is there a way i can pull this mommy material girl? this is amazing. part 2 before part 1. just like talhah yunus' shikwa - side b. it's over.
pakistan has talha anjum.
we have farhan khan. Eww give it a listen. will be your favorite asap. 100%. give importance to the skits as well.

another one by paradox. Ok Bro Go in the kitchen, grab the fork and impale your genitals with it

bro makes me question everything. What happened Can you exaplain idk, google it. she got ratioed badly. ☠️ khan sahab se dil jeet liya. ajnabi hi sun le. best hai.

sample bhi itna badhiya liya hai. R hai Isko bas bata de tu kitna lamba set hojayegi jawab de is such a good track. verse 2 >>> verse 1:
Woh tujhe chhoota hai kaise?
Jaise main chhoota tha waise?
Kya uske bhi seene pe soti ho?
Zulfein hatata hai chehre se tere?
Khush hota hai tere kya hansne pe?
Rota hai kya tere rone se pehle?
Kya usse bhi karti ho baatein fizool ki
Raaton ko sone se pehle?

verse 2:
Kya uske bhi dil se tum khelogi?
Kya woh bhi aise hi raaton ko tadpega?
Main toh hoon shayar, bata deta baatein
Par kambakht woh kaise sambhlega?
Kya uska bhi khane ka mann nahi hoga?
Aur band hoga darwaza kamre ka
Kya woh bhi chhupa lega khud ko andhere mein
Raaton ko karvatein badlega? Dekha h did you guys get the timetable for tomorrow ? Yes yes. im doing it. making the move.

"thanks for the kind words! try sending me a dm again. if it doesn't work, let me know and i'll dm you."

ye thik hai na? Don't why? comment ka to reply dena hi hai. She is a red flag Thanks for the appreciation Bas yahi I can already tell that She is a fucking 20 year old ☠️ exactly. So ? or more. ☠️ we don't know. Plus she should already have a boyfriend and if not then she may be a play girl Soch woh tera kaat kae chali jaaye toh yea. good point. And in the real time not in words bruh, 20 saal ki laudiya se kata hai, choti baat hai kya? lol. Lawde I mean cutting of your dick There was a case about this wtf bro. ☠️☠️☠️ im gonna try anyways. (i know i will regret my decision) doing this. bruh, you were right about she being a red flag, she listens to dua lipa. ☠️ 08/01/25, 9:30 pm - Pratyuush 👽: Arjun what? Fuck off okay. 👍 This message was deleted kal aaoge? Yes Pelvis yadav galat chud gya ye le apne type ki mil gayi. barca to jeet gayi ab bas real na haar jaye If real loses then no el classico final
🔥 i have 6 months subscription for eleven labs ai. btw, im building an ai short generator. just pray that it works. got this for the project. that would be my 3rd product on ph. i met a girl today. loves coding, uses the same tech stack, has built a few great projects. she's the one but she's from England, i suppose. 09/01/25, 3:50 pm - Pratyuush 👽: Fr? idk how to edit. Play marvel rivals i rage quit warzone. back to coding. Call of duty ab call of duty na rha False. Bo6 is good. Warzone is good. Only mw3 was genuinly bad. Context: pakistan map They are adding nicki minaj love pink skins Removing the authenticity of cod Yes that is bad But they are giving what the community wants man, the new community sucks Its theme is around the military so don't you think the skins should be revolved around the military The new community is destroying the game's theme Fortnite jaise games me fir bhi thik hai ye Yes Congress be giving 2500 to women in delhi (yes this is their strategy to win the election) They should promise generation of jobs And this thing is not good for us. We arent china, an export dependent country Koi india ko bachao yr mai kya karu fir? mai thodi na bacha sakta hu. mere ko tag kyu kiya? Tune bola tha india is healing Kuch dino pehle Iskiye bol raha hu . screenshot please. Later abhi. I guess you called kashmiri pandits by calling out bachao Btw if you guys got the timetable for tomorrow kindly share my class teacher is a literal slowpoke Btw yes India is under the wrong people but my support for BJP is all because of how they try to minimise the impact of muslims cause these so called Muslim prophets of this generation encourage them to rebel against Hindus and their activities Modi is a total fraud so is BJP Nhi mila K Islam is a shithole Nah can't blame the whole thing Only thing good in bjp Love jihad But some particular individuals who spew some utter nonsense are totally shitholes 🤮 Every muslim is taught to r every non muslim women they can True even spit in the food they sell Prophet muhammad r his sons wife This caused a lot of cases for Covid 19 And covered it by saying "allah especially gave me permission to do so" He was a pervert Plus Babar was gay Mughals used to r animals Not even lying This message was deleted They did that a lot Shit ass Mughals left such bad impact on the thinking of Indians Prophet muhammad was a scammer and a liar These so called people who target cringe Indians are the ones who will lead to the termination of the west This message was deleted Well gotta go I have work to do
You guys gotta listen to this it is a total chill breaker Anyone who listened to this ? You should check it out cause it is a banger please guys, please. bear with me for this album. this is too good to miss. good for a phonk. but listen to real music bro,.
I cant see this video stupid x showing playback error could you do me a favour and download and send it to me? ok. Wth is wrong with x No video are playing Not even in chrome Multiple people have this issue Many on reddit bruh, i searched for "x video download"

that one space saved me. ☠️ Have reported this issue That aint cow dung thats bhang abhi achanak se phone aaya mahip ka, maine bola ki mai live hu, aur 12 log dekh rahe hai, pari bhi hai, dar ke bhag gaya. lipstick ka taste meetha hota hai ya kadva? Mujhe kya pata behen ki lipstick kha ke dekh. (i avoided being toxic, bakchodi mat karna) No please bro. my shower thought. kudos to you for that. Try it yourself bruh, sorry. lemme just ask my mother. nvm, sorry for disturbing. I mean the 5 values they teach are good but people do anything crazy shit in the name of god. Muslims ke bare me socho to chutiye log bhi man me ate hai aur fir khamzat chimaev jaise achhhe log bhi ate hai Good reply dude Good muslims are self made good Agar koi ladne lage to mujhe bhi bula lena ill also help On x But muslims in general are taught to r non muslim females and use their own females as baby producib factories K Thanks Hmm Arabs are better than them tbh Originals are better than converted ones Theyre educated So true x-ngmi-analyser.vercel.app bhai timetable aaya ? Bhej do agar agaya toh im in love. (fr this time.)


hell no. wth. Ik i will do you one better. So you are telling me it is better than krsna's prathana? nope. there is no takkar to krsna. but you should appreciate the fact that this underground urdu artist from mumbai created an album so good, that it's competing with mainstream albums. bhai ne seedhe anjum ko takkar di hai. plus the concept! loved it.

oh yes. 100xschool! Better* Is it "bitch" written in the background btech. i like your creativity. Ok Did you guys know that Tomorrow we might have a holiday So is it confirmed or just a “I believe it can be” It is confirmed K null
Nah we got gta vii before gta vi Bro is there any proof of this cause my mother keeps asking me about it Respond quickly NO CLASSES TOMORROW FOR CLASS 9TH ON 11 JANUARY THAT IS TOMORROW

AND ATTENDANCE COMPULSORY FROM 13 JANUARY THAT IS MONDAY No you are lying to your mother tomorrow is school Intel is a big W for its new gpu Thanks bro ? You didnt know? Intel launched a ne wgpu At 20000 rupees which RIVALS RTX 4060 Damn wtf. Rtx was overpriced so much Not only rivals but outperforms it Due to lack of competition Nigga you didnt know? nope. 5070 is a big L But good for budget gamers Nah intel got that covered Hadnt it came a month earlier Yes launch day today. 1:30 PM. send me the reddit link that allowed you to download fl studio for free. I dont have it now ok. found another nvm, 8 MINUTES.

G. i don't really have hopes for this one. it was a simple one.

upvote guys.

the memes here are crazy. Done thanks bro. 👊 ek comment bhi daal de. Krdiya thanks. nahi dikh raha hai. phir se kar. I did it tho Idk thodi der me ajayega nahi aaya. fir se kar de. fir se kar. nahi aaya, Krdiya nahi aaya comment. bruh, meaning na pata ho to bolo na. Enlighten my ignorant soul yaha se liya gaya hai. originally written by jaun elia. Lyrics likhne nahi ata to dusro ko copy kar raha hai i agree some part of it. (lyrics bohot repeat karta hai) Mere ghar mein ab ek kamra khaali bhi hai
Wahan se ab hosh hata di gayi hai
Ek saf-e-matam bicha li gayi hai
Us kamre mein ab bas kitaabein hi baaqi hein
Aqal wahan se utha li gayi hai
Nuskha-e-Ishq toh sabko chahiye
Nuskha-e-dard bata dijiye
Jo likhe hein khat woh jala dijiye
Mujhay humdardiyan samajh aati nahi hein
Jo tujh pe beeti tu sab pe ayaan kar
Jo mujh pe beeti woh koi baat hi nahi hai
Judayi mein bhi kuch wafa ke takazay
Ke aib pe parde uthate nahi hein
Ek yaar jiske ghar pe maa hi nahi
Ek mein jo ghar pe raat tha hi nahi
Jo mayassar ho kyun uski chah hi nahi aur ye uski movie ka gaana hai so, lyrics vaha match karengi. project idea: build an app that tracks your and your friends habits and shows them on a leaderboard.
additional feature: gamify it. (per day streak, exp)

thoughts? 😂 Talha anjum femboy Finch? Bana raha hai? Download krle finch usse use kr kuch idea ayenge same idea hai? Yes Exactly same you have used it? I use it I use it as a todolist Tbh Lemme send you a referal send ss. what the hell. skin care? what's one thing you hate about this? I use it as a todolist You downloaded it ? nop.e The ui is a little bit laggy Idk if its my device Or its the ui I expirience framedrops sometimes Why is this alien technology painted so brightly colorful Idk Maybe to gameify it I use it as a todolist Thats it have you tried marvel rivals No friends ko add kar sakte hai? for the same goals? leaderboard? 11/01/25, 9:09 pm - Agrim: Haa Kr skte hai iska web app hai? I have sent you a referral No idea Its a phone app You can take idea and make a web app exactly. + add more stuff. Yeah It already has a lot of stuff tho exp type hai? hoga hi nvm. Haa The pet goes to different places and explores it It has a duration every day of 12 hrs If you complete your goals before it You get more exp Else you get less exp And exp per goal Too bruh, this is ever better than what ever the hell i was gonna build. ☠️ It has an inbuilt mood tracker Also shows quotes and reccomend books based on usage And has an inbuilt journal wtf bro. that is like 3-4 apps combined. no chance. idea cancelled. Self help app type hai Waise to To improve habits ig App sahi hai waise you can use it on daily basis comment kar de. This message was deleted Krdiya tereko comment karna nahi aata kya. tabse nahi kar paa raha hai. nahi karna to bol de. bro cooked. ☠️ Guys no more omr for the finals Bruh being an indian on instagram is like being a Jew in 1930s But even we can't defend our own country because of all these illiterate people posting nonsense everyday Chutiya bkl Gadhe ki gaand A major reason Why India is hated Yes Because of Biharis Ek Bihari sab per bhari Our influencers show these things online while foreign while influencers don't show it Else you also know how disgusting us is New york is very stinky Yep True Its easy to woop white ass thanks. payment options puchna tha chutiye. stripe India me nahi chalta. So he is a client? no. he's an actual indie hacker. me - a wannabe. so i had questions. mujhe kyu nahi dikh raha hai. Bruh I just saw a vid in which people were jumping in sewage water in India and a random kid said that India should be used for nuclear bomb testing and the illiteracy of the people who support this guy by saying that this should be done in the civilized areas. I think I should become Hitler and teach these kids about how these things are to be done They dont know india can erase their country in return With our nuclear weapons Ik bruh India only requires 2 agni missiles to wipe the USA off the map Fr? Dimag se mishika bahar nikalega tab dikhega na US got anti missile systems tho Also UN will hate india if we do that Mujhe nhi pata Mene 3 comments krdiye hai new user ho kya? kab ki id hai? lol, ek bhi nahi dikh raha. Last year But not active tab to aana chahiye. Jo isme hai wo bilkul nahi Dekha h Islam be destroying childhood beware of love jihad ? The people who said that look like disciples bata de fir. UK grooming gangs is same as love jihad right? Imagine following islam Except non muslim girls are lured into loving a muslim boy then converted Then abused mOsT pEaCFuL reLiGiOn Hmm Only a search bar with dark mode And in grooming gangs , non muslim girls are r worded by pakistani muslims This message was deleted "mera abdul alag hai" 🤡
No sympathy for her Its looking very basic Too minimal Add discover to a sepersted sidebar towards right bruh, app nahi hai chrome extension hai. And maybe add the notes and productivity to toggleable buttons And what will it do? Replace the home page right? replace the new tab. Yeah thats why im saying that Move the discover either to a scrollable div like the one on edge Or just move it to  separated section towars the right Also make it toggleable Good Adding them to sidebar will save space bruh, why am i even building this. this is shit. Yeah Doesn't matter cause Agni scatters itself into 5 pieces which can very well dodge the anti missile systems and will easily target all the most civilized areas of usa Not if we were just returning it And un is a fraud Why is it not stopping the Russia Ukraine war bruh help me pass computer ut tomorrow I don't understand shit from Kavita Give me everything that I should practice for nested loops And also iran and iraq war Nor Israel and Palestine Un was just a means of just communicating ideas not implement them ask chatgpt bruh. give it your syllabus and let it figure everything out. 4o is pretty useful. Give me the damn prompt then Cause I have got a lot of work to do So I am not gonna just waste my time on getting the desired results then fail. I have never once failed in my life so why now ? bruh, just go study. I ain't failing just because a stupid monkey told me Nah My GK is enough to pass these tests " bruh help me pass computer ut tomorrow" That was just so that I can have a clear view of what to study I don't care if you give me study material or not cause I have passed it before without your help and can do it again tum gym kab join karoge ? Maine mummy papa ko bol diya hai ki mae 11th mae join karunga Jisme ki 12th kae farewell ki party tak mast physique ban jaye Kya? don't say "cringey" or stuff. just yes or no. Uhhhh I'd say yes cause if people are afar away from their loved ones and cannot wish them their special day in person and want to make it a bit special rather than saying it on a call then yes it would be good Gym kab join karga bkl
1:2 ratio Body banane wala Jee ke baad Or 11th 11th mae karlena Mae bhi karunga and the bouquets will be 3d type so. done. easy question with Acceptance Rate of 28.8% ☠️ 12/01/25, 6:57 pm - Agrim: Krdiya 2 replies
new short rickroll? Nope another idea. oh wait, fuck - tomorrow is test.
upvote please. 100+ users on portify. ☠️ 13/01/25, 5:15 pm - arjuncodess: to kar de 70% tak. Abe bahut bada hai leave it. thanks for the support btw. Kya ganda app hai be best hai. Website* 70 percent kon karvata hai haa, vo maan sakta hu. bruh. bot accounts ko prevent karne ke liye. thats actually a good thing. thanks! itna kiya hi hai to comment bhi daal de ek. nested loops ka question tha. maine ek loop se kar diya, ek external variable ko update kar kar ke. koi problem to nahi hogi na:? idk. mera dimag nahi chal raha tha uss samay. Teacher kon hai? null unnati saxena. stats se to nahi lag raha. Kaat degi number lol, gaya mai fir. fail hu. null Pure nhi chal to raha hai na. problem kya hai/ Wtf is that haircut null null null Tere naam ❌ Mere aand ✅ 2 girls be looking at him and be thinking, "what is this dogshit" null Good skin tho. Benifits of dark skin tone Nah that was just the phone he doesn't have good skin Ok my bad Pardon me

😱

god, i love her (way of explaining things). Worst server Mumbai And kids are the worst. Baat baat pe gaali denge Just finished 25-13 and still lost. Cypher was 2-20. Rest of the team was also trash. Lost 6 matches in a row. Do i have a bad teammates curse? Sometimes i wish i could have 5 mins with them irl build your own valorant. Build your own mishika that's actually a good idea. but it's actually hard you know. you can't train a model EXACTLY like her behavior. thanks for the project idea. name a song which you like more for its prod than its lyrics.

ill go first: Supreme Leader - KING X Talhah Yunus. Hath varti Please subscribe to this video and like my channel Imagine bro getting sacked by the model aswell bruh, shakespeare se better writer to premchand the. pura 100 episodes ka serial summarise kar diya 9 panne ke chapter me. aur idhar ye caesar mar hi nahi raha hai. Hi gays Guys* nice. kal kae slots aagaye ? Fuck check this out. Bro its just a font you can do that in any app Kal school.jaana hai wtf? kuch out of course hai? water aur hydrogen me? say no No.

btw. Bhai interstellar will re release on 7th of February and not on 8th There is a slight problem though The show is showing that it will be shown in Plassio Palassio is the best mall in lucknow Ik But can we reach it though Well we can actually Arjun kae toh mummy papa usko drop karenge Mae aur tum toh taxi pakad kar bhi aajayenge Ya firr Arjun kae sath hi transport Nagar pae beth kae nikal lenge And the recliner is only of 310 So even better Bruh we actually gotta watch this one hella movie Tum logo nae isko cinema mae dekha hai ? nope. Already watched on tv You dumb or something? Everyone has watched this masterpiece on the tv But imagine watching it on a large screen With Dolby Atmos speakers Right on top of your head Imagined Then bring this to reality So we are going to watch it or not ? Just tell me this bata Tu chalega ye bata Yesnt Ok You mean yes or trying to say yes not cause that nt could mean not Bruh I made a Roblox account today and bullied kids It was so fun And that Id has been reported like 5 times ifykyk. How would she feel if she gets to know about this tbh Try amongus You can try bullying a free fire kid too I literally told them how I am their biological father And one guy was ig older than me And kept telling me who asked So I told him to ask your mum how she asks for more You are getting banned soon I actually got banned I got reported like 5 times tickets kon book karega ? Mae kar du ya firr tum logo mae sae koi karega Arjun aa rha hai? tum log hi kar lo. mai nahi aaraha. Jhaatu bacha tu toh araha hai na ? Ayega na ? K Final nhi h Abbe yaar Ek baar apni mummy sae puch le Firr mujhe batao nahi toh mae akela chala jaunga mera bhi confirm nahi hai. kuch change hota hai to bataunga. im doing gsoc this time. Bro urban govt. Araha hai ya firr rural govt Rural bro married his cousin?! Ok It is normal bro For muslims that is Marrying their own flesh and blood Bruh there was a case that father married his own daughter what the fuck?! Muslims me common hota hai i sometimes think lil bunty is the best diss of the beef. its fun, top notch writing, not too aggresive. this is ridiculous.
i just checked the cloudinary image uploads for portify and it has 10s of po*n images. wtf is happening here?! ??? More details? portify is my portfolio builder app. so on that, you need to upload your images, project, banners, etc. used cloudinary for that. and just now saw that the folder has po*n images. bruh, ab kya photos bheju? Oh Yehi puchh rhaha thha True Following pushed to right added github contributions chart and product hunt launches to portify. portrait 9/16 ka ratio thik nahi lagta. 1/1 sahi lagta hai. Watch squid game, its actually great English dub Text is not aligned well Looking like they forgot to do so I will watch it once it reaches the greatness of Takeshi castle kuch out of course hai? kisme? Kal ke test me Nahi Ojas lawde kaha bhag jata hai bhosdike 21/01/25, 8:23 pm - arjuncodess: kal kya aaraha hai? Trignometry dono chapters arre mujhe ye kisne bata diya ki Pythagoras aur CI aaraha hai. Tumhari bhabhi kae sath chala gaya tha Ye mahilao ki baat kabse sunni ja rahi hai bhai ? Most of their fathers rub their asses against some C.A. to not pay income tax And why does it even matter my future father in law belongs to commerce and so do I so I already have myself a girl Aur science Wale launde har saal 10 lakh aate hai firr unme sae kuch 10000 ko employment milti hai And the other 99000 keep trying but in the end sit unemployed blaming the government This is taught to us in economics poverty and unemployment in India bro got offended. 😂 Giving reality check is not considered as getting offended well bandar kya jaane adrak ka swaad do you agree with my point I believe that you are in one of the 10000 who will make a good living with science as your subject Thank you vai Oh and  Atul was a techie as well so I hope you find a girl who is as good as his wife No prob vai +1. that's true. Waisi bhi mil jaye to badi baat hai True Mt ki book hai ojas? Nah class mae rakhi hai

KAUN AALU. 🗿 Koi Mahakumbh ja raha hai ? Mae soch raha hu Saturday ko chala jau Nah i didnt went but still had a mahakumb snaan One of my friends went there so they brought the ganga jal So I added a drop of it in the bucket and then took a bath Usually i shower with cold water tho Btw  did you watch the benfica vs barcelona? new crack on phone unlocked. 🔓
all i said was "you guys are making too much noise"

prediction: anjum and annural have always delivered their best. this will give the best start to 2025 with jokay as the producer. will share reality after listening. wtf. this may be the best start to 2025 actually. jokhay. 🙇‍♂️ Chorus
"Dhoondhe kinaaro pe kabhi, dhoondhe sitaaron me kahin"
("I searched on the shores; I searched in the stars.")

"Dhoondha bazaaron me tujhe, qadawar pahaadon me kahin"
("I searched for you in markets, in towering mountains.")

"Tu hai nahi, tu hai nahi; tu ho ke bhi, kyun hai nahi?"
("You’re not here, you’re not here; even if you exist, why aren’t you here?")

"The fact that a person can make a song THAT GOOD and also possess the skill to make it into a loop is VERY IMPRESSIVE."
real. Guys i got suspended from school for 1 week 😔 bhai party? congrats. why btw? Nigga there was this guy messing with me and he knee kicked my face That pissed my off so i Punched him as fast as i can since i am learning boxing i did some basic combos I snapped his arm into 2 Then the fight went to ground and i crushed his skull Then i ran away bro this ain't your fcking anime. ☠️ be real. Yeah thats what i did And now even im traumatized His fucking arm broke you mean fr? All i did was an armbar Fr No 🧢 Isliye to suspend krdiya suffering from success. 🫵 Saala ladki chhed raha thha fir mujhse bakchodi krne laga dhar diya 2 respect++; you did great btw. Man to thha ki fire extinguisher se maari but fir bhaag gaya waha se Ghar aake parents ko bata diya unhone bola ki school me baat karenge Is cheez ko leke what do i even say. ☠️ Nigga why am i the one being suspended tho I did nothing It was an act of self defense So called school ka "gangster" Soch rhaa thha ki me lul hu Chud gaya panga nahi lega ab kisi se views? well. you're right in your way. but "His fucking arm broke" It was kinda excessive force tho I was full of adrenaline that time When i came back home i realised my finger is slightly dislocated And i have some bruises But this main problem im concerned about is that when my suspension duration is over, i will be beaten up by his friends btw which is better claude or chatgpt for research work research? there was a model by google for it. lemme search. Gemini? nah. You have made us proud Granth sehgal naam tha Uska
"Deep Research." Yeah i was thinking the same Be careful Ok. Will it be good research for documentary? "Under your supervision, Deep Research does the hard work for you. After you enter your question, it creates a multi-step research plan for you to either revise or approve. Once you approve, it begins deeply analyzing relevant information from across the web on your behalf." I just told about it to my parents as soon as i arrived at home Nahi usme team members ko as isro scientists act krna hai Aur usme chandrayaan 3 ke bare me uske launch landing etc ke bare me batana hai Normal af 😂 My views ?  bro you should have kept beating the crap out of him and make your friends surround the area That way you can assert dominance And also tell the authorities what had happened straight forward Meri aur meri class walo ki 12th C kae laundo sae khud ladayi hogayi thi I was solo he was solo Dhar kae chod diya firr principal kae office mae bhi saalo ko pela Better Baki classmates bas "oh bhai me nahi sehta" "ye to zaada hogaya" etc kar rahe thhe There should have been a crowd formed by then right? Usne pehle start kiya thha He tried literally one of the most brutal strikes in mma to me Bhai bas boldena tha school ka gangster woh hai mae nahi And I don't need to prove it It did hit but side of my head so i wasnt really injured Knee to face Bhai abhi ye lekin kuch nahi hai Football kae time jo ladayi hoti hai usme maza aata hai More of a verbal like fight Fight of ego Nah mere yahan ye nahi hota Fir they go full on brexit Mere yahan sidha pelam pel The main physicak dirty stuff only happens during games after the verbal face off here Mkc red card ki Ofc Woh match kae baad dekha jayega Bruh if I was there that would've been so nice Were? At your school I mean We would've beaten the literal crap out of him Hmm, i am good at boxing and grappling. Kicks arent really my thing But i did armbar him tho. Which snapped his arm After the snap i ran away Told the teacher Bruh you shouldn't have ran away that would accelerate the problem Teacher ko bata diya Ran to the teacher I dont want be fukked afterwards by his mates You cant do nothing when 6 people attack you at the same time its not movies. Just ask them come and face me one on one Like they care? 😂 My friends aftwr fight was saying it was Ab kya hoga woh to school jake hi pata lagega Bruh I would've talked more upon this deed more but tomorrow holds a very special day which will determine my percentage for the annual so I would like to catch this topic tomorrow Alr Arre MKC uski kahi aur admission leliyo Koi na mujhe bhi 7 din ki chhutti mil gayi padhne ke liye Yeah yeah 💵💰 Guys Do yall know we can clearly see the planets rn I got some shots send more. Jupiter was also visible but I was unable to get a good shot this ain't saturn? Saturn H Kal bhejunga They are best visible after sunset van wale area kae paas hi rukna

photo bhejna. Mushkil hota hai Kal ek bhi achha shot nahi aaya "Find a girlfriend"
As if we have to run a quest for hunting them in the woods The Final reward of this quest seems like a battle pass reward. VIRASAT. Ab to iska channel bhi dekhne ka man nahi karta Ummede chhod di hai me still vibing hard to 'shut up'

yaha chalo. oh hell, 8th aur 9th march ko hai. no chance. exams chal rahe honge. nvm, exams ke baad. Guys, did you know mamta maam's (our junior maths teacher) son has been kidnapped Damn yup. heartbreaking. This message was deleted Why is the creator responding to my queries bruh Discord? Hmm Fr ? Yes When ? Nigga do you read the news? Nah Yesterday Ig Oh I see Lemme check Bruh send me the news paper or the headline Bhej bsdk Ok happy republic day guys. Same Bruh I hate myself for some reason because I am getting all kinds of dark jokes rn i hope someday you realise, those "dark jokes" are not just "jokes." Yeah those are the source of traumatizing kids Or should I say offending People like to call seriously offensive insults as dark jokes nowadays

i feel so intelligent.

they cooked with this. watch this. Update: latest spotted in kanpur lol.

so, bro's in 10th grade and living my dream life.

tu hai nahi, tu hai nahi; tu ho ke bhi, kyu hai nahi?
mai hun vahi, mein hun vahi; ab rehti hai teri kami.

perfection. the way deepseek has destroyed openai is just straight brutal. Nice Chinese ones better sadly exactly. india didn't "need" zepto. it now needs an ai model of its own. deepseek has truly destroyed the competition. Competition* imagine this: a model better than openai's best ones, at 96x cheaper price, model - open sourced. they had to even make it open sourced. its the end bro. openai too responded by lowering the prices. but its too late. haa bhai, bohot cool hai. Wdym Why are you so black pratyush Tanned or nigga? Tanned But not very black 🇺🇸 OpenAI:
- 10 years old
- 4,500 employees
- raised $6.6 billion

🇨🇳 DeepSeek
- less than 2 years old
- 200 employees
- less than $10 million capital used

DeepSeek developed and open sourced an equal or better product and have it out for free, likely killing the business model of OpenAI. fr. VIRASAT. "indias biggest problem probably is that the most retarded, loud mouthed and incompetent people have main charcater energy whilst the capable are underconfident nerds who stay in the shadows" remember how nn slapped the shit outta a girl once? In bus line that was aarna ig. yea. Fr? It looked like he was proposing her then he slapped her instead Because she slapped her Before Damn n1 Nothing is eternal log badal hee jaate hai
Or aisa bhi nahi ke jaan ke hee sab karna chah rahe hai
I feel a little sad about it anyways already
Ke khayalo me bhi tere sab ke baad aa rahe hai This message was deleted listen to this. yaha bhi emiway se competition kar raha hai. ☠️ Motherfuckers removed ykwim mv wth. I hope juan daniel abarca lara burns in hell pehle krsna ka album aayega ya raftaar ka bachha? Raftaar ke pote Guys in dono me se konsi dp lagau? Ye dono hi na lagau idk. Why u so black he nigga. U too ok. Lighting
Why is krsna throwing gang signs in a wedding? deep kalsi there too. Why all amazon services have trash ui? And ux Slow laggy buggy Take amazon, prime video or imdb for example aws is the perfect example. it's crazy how claude 3.5 sonnet is still better than o3 mini for coding. 😂 use deepseek v3 for advanced reasoning, math and coding problems. im joining a gym Im jealous My cousin is joining, so i will go with him Hope that you're fed with adequate protiens Sahi hai, mere to ghar wale disturb krte rehte hai Ghar pe Krta hu Gym me koi disturb nahi kareg Same Karle join Idk bruh parents allow kare tab na why is this salesman trending so much. Abhi tak to puchha hi nahi "excuse me, are you done using these dumbbells? Squid game, dekhle, achhi hai bekar hai. Still, ghar me to, "darwaza kholke rakho", kaamwali bai ghus jayegi sab bekar cheeze Bc dekhi hai tune? Its shit Dekhi hai Dono season Boring af nope. blood, violence kitna hai? Bahut zyada Gore hai Sorry guys, but im downloading fortnite 11th mae join karlena bro dono saath mae progress karenge phir I was thinking the same joining in 11th His arms look good. Idk about other muscles tho They are good How much does he bench? 140kg? 💀 Idk Must be 1.5× his weight tho 125 kg He told Noice Tum krloge?

soyi nahi beat is so calm. but calm's verse on it is not so calm. Hat chakka listen to dhak dhak by raga love song ko hardcore rap song bana diya. ☠️ uski aawaz hi aisi hai tbh.

lol. Maine jhada apna shishi me lund to paida hua bunt beta tum surrogate yup. v0.dev is just amazing. use lovable too. people say it's better. *bunti null first mobile app. Ingredient scanner? Try adding barcode Use barcode database yup, next thing. Nice Ui is kinda basic, you can look for some designs on dribbble Or look some apps like lifesum or something yea. first app so bear with me. Hmm bruh why is no one doing game dev in India? low supply, high risk, high reward. low resources, shitty influencers, no reward optimistic approach: i agree on low resources.

15% here. Realistic approach

same me from this. why the hell is every second reel based on him. He is a good actor plus that scene was cold Baawe is the best from the album bro forgot banjo bounce. Why did you made me lose a bhabhi aaj school nahi aaye the ? Nope Kal aunta Aaunga* Aaj phone laya tha mae Photo khich leta scoring 26.6 on humanity's last exam is like crushing the benchmarks like anything. agi is here?! Yo hey.

bohot lip-sync reels ban rahi thi yunus ke gaano pe. bhai ne ye verse likh diya fir. Ok ok Emo rap is mid tho ek baar ye sun bas.

this too. 3:18

this too. "Baje poore town me, macha dete hain qeher
And you're just a tourist toh tum yahan ghair
When you dance with the devil toh phir rakhna khaayal
Har chaal pe hai aankh, ye mera sheher"

the chorus. and if you want to see a full movie:


storytelling me calm se achha to koi hai hi nahi.

agar kuch tadak-ta bhadak-ta collab chahiye to: nice.

too good. encore ate it. Cuz its by krsna Budha sala thoda aur consistent ho jaye to bahut famous ho jata Album nikalne me gand fat rahi uski ab Tru Reels bhejna bhai agar feed me aye i guess ki to Mkc mai to insta pe aa nahi sakta Internal bleeding has started from my toes Why tf do you even have hair on your feet? Pus banega 05/02/25, 12:05 am - OG Ojas: High testosterone Its called zero grooming sense Good way to cope My leg is fucked but I still scored 2 heel shots I will get rid of all my body hair in 11th Cause of gym Whats your point? i just now saw this. and sent it here. idk too what's my point here. I saw Mishika laughing and walking with a gora launda today madarchod aaj nahi aaye the ? Lawde sale tera wait kiya tha maine Fir plaksha boli chala gaya hai wo Chutiya sala laundiyabaj 😵‍💫😵‍💫 Lookl Loool who?
I will be making this bigger Only absolute bangers What will you do about it bruh forget it machayenge 4? kodak? red? role model? banjo bounce? no mercy? refunds? all 3 from time will tell? add all these. I said i will be adding more I didnt say god level shit just some suggestions. nah nah nah. makasam is god level. machayenge 4 just below it. Wdym demi god level ok yea. krsna's version ofc. Ajkal dhh me new rappers hit nahi ho rahe kya? Yashraj, bella, yungsta etc. sab salo se grind kr rahe hai bohot hai. mic check entries dekho. Yashraj underrated asf mic check - samay, seedhe maut aur rohan ka naya show hai. Single time hits dont matter much fr. So many rappers are grinding since years meri jaan pehle jaan.
dehshat ho.
sanatan. But dhh community now only listens to the old already famous ones yashraj killed it in the last year.

ye sun. Except farhan khan Baad me bahar hu bhai sahab. he's the goat. farhan khan lore.
- drops a banger album in december.
- doesn't get recognised much.
- rohan drops a video on him.
- streams start flooding his page.
- next he knows, he's the urdu hip hop king of India.
- directly hitting to talha anjum. ajnabi is such a good track. Whats that last point Chutiya banaya gaya hai tumko Plaksha jab jaane lagi thi tab mujhe mili thi Don't know someone share this on our 8k group. anjum ko takkar de raha hai urdu rap scene me; emo rap as defined by Bruh who tf even watches lectures of English Just write what sounds best. fr. But isn't it cbse course ? channel ka naam hi "icse wallah" hai. Oh I didn't see that selina book se hi hai. Isme economics aur commerce hai kya ? idk. aage aur lectures honge, dekhna padega. Chodd eco aur commerce easy hota hai Me too Only in streams Talent wise anjum is trash Bruh im in a restaurant rn and the R's family is in the table next to me ? Annwita lol. Very funny i almost laughed Add khatta flow bruh, how could i forget this one. hola amigo too. Machayenge 4 krsna Role model Hai? role model is a top tier song that deserves more respect. karta kya hai is another such banger. So basically add it LISTEN TO SHAKTI AND KSHAMA. KSHAMA ME "MOON COMES UP", " GOURMET SHIT!" AUR "RED" bohot achhe se sunna. one of the best songs. Bro thats some god level stuff not for this album lil bunty daddy's home "papa papa aap fir aagye?" yeah, you ready. real talk mai hu realest in the scene (continue) Suna bunty ki jali to fir ye hai kerosine ye hai real rap, pull your fking hair back. dhai saal pehle maine li thi iski bare back. "rapper" badshah ☠️ He is a hip hop artist not exactly a rapper. Do this on 8k building your career with commercial party songs doesn't make you a rapper. So king isnt a rapper either Ok lol. whats monopoly moves then? continuing on my point, he is making an entry to rap song. and its good till now. Same with padhshah Rapping isnt just speaking fast hardcore rhymes lil bro "Obvious" is also a hip hop track now AT LEAST making an entry to rap music. isn't a rap song. Imagine old king's fans returning to his music now 💀 Padshah is a rapper Not a good one tho damn. ek tha raja - after this i somewhat agree to this. "somewhat" arre ye dalal wali book ka kuch content hi nahi hai yt pe. chemistry khud se hi padhni padegi.

4 saal hone ko aagye. part 2 abhi tak nahi aaya. Ayega bhi nhi don't say that. 😭 from raftaar's verse on gourmet shit:
Ab hai OCB aushadhi OCD ki
Maine seekha ke banda koi OBC nahi
Bache shero ke chaale, nahi lomdi ki
Ab ye vulgarity hai ya equality?
Ke woh bhosdika aur woh bhosdiki
Tera ghar ki hai keemat ye do ghadi ki
Woh bas do ghadi judi thi, dogli thi
Meri chaddi mein phoole, mai mogli nahi
Uska internet punch jisne mockery ki, kya? listen to moon comes up. bro i never thought seedhe maut would sound so good on a slow beat. the first half is whole party vibes. the second half is the whole opposite. second half talks about, nvm, you can just read the first two-three lines:
"when the moon comes up, uski saase races
when the moon comes up, uski chale tez hai
when the moon comes up, vo nahi jati hai akele ghar se bahar kyuki jaan ke badalte bhes hai" FINALLY BC Budha hasnt retired lets gooooo. Kal araha hai new track Do you use instagram? . story pe to aisa kuch nahi hai. Cringe Ye kyu bhej raha hai yaha per Doesnt really go with the group tbh You won't send coding tips to non coders would you? . Same is with this reel. I saw this on x maybe its a troll then No 07/02/25, 5:52 pm - Pratyuush 👽: Hm you guys know about kanye's wife? she pulled up to the grammy's naked. Ik moon comes up is such a good one.

imagine getting 5 grammy's off of a single track. Kanye west has lost it lol Kya fukra h kanye X dekho uska Twitter

8 hazar nikalo.
I thought that this was a romantic song and then i saw the title Lol romantic hi hai ek tarah se. lekin kya likha hai bhai ne. 👑 Fr bro writing is next level 07/02/25, 10:38 pm - arjuncodess: real romantic album to ab aayega. ALIF LAILA PART 1 Mili nahi thi aaj plus mujhe aaj ek rose mila tha which I gave away to a homie W aaj meri class me 4 log aaye the. usme se ek ghar se bulvaya gaya tha. Ghar se bulwaya matlab kya tum logo ne request kari ya school walo ne uthwa liya usko ghar se? call kiya bas, vo dar ke maare aagaya. Hmm i will defeat you in % this time. watch out. More like sadism Lol Alright bet Im locking in

i hate this person so much. he's literally so much views on the name of "class 10th"
this video too is full bs. you know how to study, you just don't implement it. *getting so much

for hindi.

lol. where are yall there is a whole dhht community on x idk. im not on x for that. i have almost completed 40% of the syllabus till now. This message was deleted

happy birthday to the man who fulfilled his glorious purpose.

lol. Arjun anjum ki story dekh aur uske gana sunna band karde "flow minimalist." null kuch bhi nahi hai. Ha wahi wtf. Kal school mae padhai hogi ? lol. wdym, why not? Bruh tf? 💀

subah subah banger daal diya. ☠️ This message was deleted 💔
S RANK | TOP 3% GLOBAL | TOP 6% INDIA 👑 Do you have any boywithuke playlist? I was thinking of discovering some new music you asked the right person. burnout, lucid dreams, serotonin dreams, melatonin dreams, fever dreams. this pretty much sums up everything. The best one is loafers but you haven't listened to burnout (album) the prod is not done (almost) by bwu and is on another level.

every track is awesome. im telling you. K Kal 10 baje ka hai plus hum logo ko directly tin shed mae jana hai toh laga ki nahi hogi but kal special assembly hai hain? ye kab hua. group pe message jo aaya hai bhejo. 10/02/25, 7:02 am - Pratyuush 👽: Dear students and parents,

Please note that

• *Reporting time* for the students will be *9:50am on 10 Feb 2025*

• All the students will report in the *Tinshed area* *with their bags.* And all the students will sit in their class lines only.

• *Entry* is *allowed* from *Gate 6 or 9 only.*

• *School Timings - 09:50am to 2:50pm* thanks. stuti ne kuch bheja hi nahi. 🤬

i feel offended. Good painting

my fault. Sahi to bola maine
ratio go bruh, you watch latent? this is the level you can go down to? No, but i support samay Lawde dekhne ke liye membership chahiye ek sec, yt pe bhi to hai? Yt membership hi chahiye chutiye lol. aadhe membership wale hai. badhiya paisa chap raha hai. Hate is forced haha. Ruk kar raha ratio Bruh nvm What she is saying is correct +1 Maybe But arrest karne pe baat aa gayi Samay raina is a dumbass sadist comedian who thinks sadism = dark humor Kaha? Police when r3pe and murder: 🤗😊
Police when someone cracks a vulgar joke: 😡😡🤬 "When did I mention 'arrest' ...." Heh Chutiya police Police pahuch gyi thi be uske ghar What im saying is lol. don;t get me started on dark humor. dark humor literally defense mechanism ki tarah use hota hai. idhar vulgarity chal rahi hai. Politician pe joke mara hoga Its fine if you hate what hes doing Then just dont watch it Those jokes arent darm humor theyre sadism 10s of millions of people have a different taste and like watching it Let them be Yeah i dont watch it either Why r u cancelling samay just because u dont fw his jokes When did i say to not watch him Im just giving my opinion that his jokes are sadist Teri bat nhi kr rha Ok Ur right But so many ppl like it Why r they calling the police On him Yeah that also crosses the limits Cant call the cops on a joke Vulgarity ki limit ranveer ne paar ki thi samay ne nhi Beerbiceps guy Isi ki bakchodi ki wajah se hua h arrest wala ye sab Indian police porsche jaise cases me jhat barabar kam karti h ekdum gand phad motivation de. uski yaad aarahi hai. maine kuch mahino pehle tereko desiruu ka gana bheja tha Uska channel bhejna idk. mere paas nahi hai. She doesnt give a fuck about you She doesnt care abe rulana nahi tha. If she doesn't care about you shows no interest why do you think about her Its like one sided and 2 lines don't make a Quadrilateral thanks. now i hate maths too.
Helll nahhh lool.

inki website update hogyi but...
basic css. wordpress cms. jquery. php.
sab kuch kharab hai. Gaush vs uday is so underrated beef rn Bruh not going to school makes me feel berozgar Which I am hm Kindiff I also didnt go to school today Studied instead Bruh the thing is that I have always clutched at the last moments And studying 10 days before exams is not working for me Same i just clutched a 1v3 in valo today Nice gradient Maybe try to experiment with different font families Yes The navbar font sucks i hope its next.js use v0.dev for the frontend and pull it all together. ngl. this is shit. learn to use templates to save time too. use shadcn/ui and customise it for yourself. Why are you ao proud of urself bruh, constructive criticism. and use it and build something! btw what's this? . . Fuck off so suddenly when my work paid off, you're saying this? nice. Kindoff for a pro, i said that considering hes a beginner just ask v0 bro. use ui libraries. Beginners dont use ui/ux tools
built on top of tailwind CSS only. customise for your preference. OK dude stop yapping now Go and send these links on his dms Never heard of it Duolingo is a shitpost god Real
Ye sun, uday smoked gaush bruh, "dm seen" and "dee mc" gaush replied today i would have rhymed that with

d mc (me) - the mic controller
d mf (gaush) - the motherfker. KSHAMA SUN!!! nice.

fr. Sahi hai you can change fonts too. otherwise nice. choose a minimalistic design from dribbble. Laugh at me but i still havent learn that Learnt* bruh, you don't need to "learn" it. copy paste of 4 lines and it's done. refer to the docs. or just do a simple google / perplexity search. The ammount of empty space between divisions is making it look uncanny but i would say one thing. frontend is becoming easier day by day. start building full stack apps. build backend, apis. frontend can be easily done with v0.dev sikhna padega boards ke bad bro it's too simple. it still isn't easy tho difficulty depends on experience im sending a sample nextjs api. will see v0 basically codes frontend using figma that app is OP bruh, no. uses claude sonnet on the backend. and renders shadcn on the frontend. on the pro plan, you just add the figma files. and boom, pixel perfect design there. Yeah so its still making frontend dumbass use bolt.io or lovable.dev full stack tools. I didnt ask you to show the flowchart of its working *bolt.new it's like v0 but for full stack dev. bruh, you said "codes frontend using figma" that's wrong. My nigga its making the frontend which you can put in your shitty application and do the backend yourself "using figma" bruh, nvm. you can also start with leetcode. most of the easy problems are I SWEAR, just a for loop away. Ye kya hai dsa practice site. the thing that will help you the most in your tech interviews. im already in the top 17% after just 1.5 months. and then the medium level problems just require you to watch a video and learn that algo. Cant you import your designs from figma pro users only. Sare achhe features pro users ke liye hi hote h Thats how they earn bruh. im top 2% global on github and top 17% global on leetcode. Ok some other kind of flex. Ok the "nerd" flex, tbh. tell me something, in previous year's question paper natural regions of the world was not at all asked so there arises two questions:first does it not hold any importance ? Or was it not in the previous year's course or something? Bruh government has enough time to file a case against comedians and not time to solve other cases such as Atul Subhash and porsche kid These comedians are nothing in front of the media which does the best comedy Indian politics sucks so does its civil servants India is better off being a dictated country than a democratic country cause people from south will call northies illiterate and we northies will call Southern people niggas
Blud shared this story fr. Jaldi batao yaar padhna bhi hai mai rocks pe chal raha hu, mujhse na pucho. Chappal pehen kae yaa firr barefoot ? bruh. Read kanye's tweets they are the best bruh. he pissed off so many people. Still he tweets the best btw how you reading it? His tweets are genuinely funny 12/02/25, 8:59 pm - arjuncodess: try it. It didn't work How though he deactivated his acc. I literally scrolled through some of his tweets like a week ago same. but 3-4 days ago. Oh actually nvm, its deleted. Abhi dekha thha ye just Show band tum kya keh rahe thhe "Nahi band hoga"

thats why i didn't. ship fast. fail fast. move fast. all you need is just a frontend and a backend + db. nothing else.

i loved this concept so much.

14yo - agency co-founder. 😭 competition badh raha hai. oscar wilde cooked in the first three lines of "the model millionaire." I also mentioned that big boss should be closed as well Plus wtf does star plus and all that Indian serial teach us family disputes and disunity between family members They should be banned as well You know we should literally start protests against these shows fax. Fr K-dramas are better than these shows at least each one has different story not just saas bahu and their fucked up relationship bhai, ye aap kis line me utar gaye? Maine nahi dekha hai bhai Lekin as a nice male best friend to my female best friend I have to listen to their blabbering And you know squid game and all of us are dead K-dramas hi hai Aur Akshara ki wajah sae hollywood wale shows bhi pata chal Gaye hai 😭 one word: wholesome. haven't watched them too. Me too Ask  on the review Squid game s1 is very good imo S2 is fine

fr. Bat to sahi h Ek joke pe show band nahi ho sakta Neither FIR can be done "joke" bhi nahi tha bhai. joke se hasi aati hai. batman kyu ban rahe ho. text kar na. Bruh i was walking with phone in one hand and books in another Wtf do you mean by batman? bhari aawaz karke baat kar rahe the na. Nigga thats what i sound like Dumbass screen 2: thoughts? Nice concept yea im slow. just give me reviews. Logon ko ratta hota hai unke fav songs ke lyrics Allowing them to type faster Maybe add a timer as soon as user starts typing yea, nice idea. vaise ye backend pe ho hi raha hai for the wpm so would be fairly simple to just show it. Ha bas use show krna hai yup. `{  }` use karke filters bhi daalne honge
- lowercase
- without punctuations
- without the background "ooooohhhs" or something like that Yeah, how will you do it? Just change the case of lyrics? nope. lyrics.toLowerCase() and ye saare lyrics synced hai!!! so i can play the song in the background and encourage the user to type faster. Isme gaana bhi bajega url ka? to listen to the song in a perfect rhythm. yahi add karna hai. Ohh and the speed of the song will depend on the wpm. damn, im a genius. Creative genius i hope you got it. Yes Can add some onscreen effects when user types faster if its not distracting yea. tbh, just add everything that monkey type has. 121 days of duolingo completed today btw. thanks for the quick chat. Lwish Jhadav ke so called systum wale fans Gautami (from Slay point idk the spelling) kae nudes banake internet pae leak kar rahe hai kyuki unhone Lwish ko roast kar diya tha Ispe toh case nahi hua This show was shot in vocal manner and does not involve any physical violence and most of all people viewed this show as of comedy purposes not of any faltu kae lafde When the participants provoke the judge then it is natural that the judge will also reply in a bad manner But in all Ashish Bhai bach gaye and that is all that matters Frfr Jab cricketers aur paralympic athletes same chees kare to sab happy funny laughing India is a free country freedom of speech bro Those words didnt harm anybody Or even if they did, latent is a type of show which is full of those type of jokes And viewers know it well Samay ki bhi koi galti nhi thi added the iframe. automatically starts playing. 671 lines ka code ban gaya hai. gotta refactor. so far doesn't work. Partly true partly not Well Samay actually proved that India is not ready for his humour Before anyone gets offended lemme make it clear that this line is in a funny way Not favouring Samay Nah he is not fault at all At fault*

me and who. 😭 works now. had a really bad time fixing this. coding in the morning gives just some other vibe. having some problems with the selected container at this moment. will share progress. I think the typing should be done in the lyric thing, when there is music, the timer can stop and typist can have rest, when vocals start, typing starts and timer resumes/starts yea, im trying for that. Apparently indian audience wants only this type of content Wtf is chen k doing there read title.

dumb retards. 🫵😂 mere to koi plans hai nahi, tu hi apna bata de, mai bhi thoda smile kar lu.

typing wale feature me hi dikkat aarahi hai. ek do din me ban jayega. Kal football khelne jaunga aur phir mummy nae bola hai ki Ghar aaoge toh garam garam aalu kae parathe pae butter lagake mast khana Aur 2 pae pankha chalake mast kambal mae sounga Moja hi moja And as for 14 feb no plans here uske mummy papa meri aur uski date kae liye nahi manenge Well whatever unki beti ko bhagana padega to ye kab kar raha hai? My thoughts are set for 10 years after refactor done. improved but not perfect. India is a country where jokes are treated like crimes and crimes are treated like jokes "The non-sense politics samay and others are facing.. makes people leave India, and then people call them out as anti-nationalists..

truly said, In this country jokes are national problems and national problems are jokes." Real What ranveer said was disgusting But not worth what is happening rn fr. wth, the typing box works well alone but with another components, it lags like hell. optimisation has to be the worst task for developers (but also equally rewarding.)

good news. "typing box" ? talking about this. AND ITS DONE!!! spent almost 3-4 hours on this. "AI will replace developers"
Kuch bhi kaho, hustle is really helping underrated rappers fr.

the G just spoke up. please make these two viral. the G of india asked us. Courts have 550 million or some cases still pending to be solved all about rape, corruption and inhumane actions but Indian government wants to set aside all those cases and complete this case stating the youth of this generation is inspired by this I too am going to leave the country you don't have proper roads to walk on or to drive safely Expressways are full of pot holes Trains reaching the speed of 600 Aji land 600 600 log toh unko barbaad karne pahuch jayenge India will never be a developed nation Sure our gdp might cross any other country's GDP owing to the population but we won't achieve anything unless there is civic sense in the people I will move to Switzerland The best country you will find Fuck the people who will call me anti nationalist made the changes for the typing box. please try it on your pc. Seo to change krdeta bruh. ye baad me ho sakta hai. main functionality to complete ho Pehle. kaisa hai? 14/02/25, 8:19 pm - Agrim: Abhu bahar hu Ghar pe laptop pe dekh ke bataunga okie okie. "gdp increasing" population itni hogi to obv si baat h Gdp per capita dekh Fr Lol lol. marketing genius: duolingo. Less than 1036 A country is considered a developed economy when per capita income is 1036 $ Or higher let me take you back to 2020. They beefing? no. auth, db done. everything w/ supabase.

fr. underrated artist. perfection. here is the full info. Sahi h try karo phir batao. abhi bhi bahar ho kya? Karta hu ruk Btw you can add a small window to search the song directly from spotify instead of URL Sahi hai I tested it yea. i got that idea too. like one that in insta stories. better. That's the misuse of your powers Consumer court tak pahuchegi ye baat lol. don't you dare pull up with "freedom of speech ki to ma ch*d di hai" beat me.

fr. just listen to "paper planes" ofc, by bwu. but it won't disappoint you. execution >>> ideas. ARJUN LAWDE DUSRE WALE ME CODING MSGS KIYA KAR should i give the credit to her? okie. 15/02/25, 8:07 pm - Pratyuush 👽: Chill guy sab chap diya bhai ne. 🤡 You know the government is trying to cast away other matters by pointing out Latent Like the resignation of Manipur Minister yup. everyone knows that, right? steal ideas. build faster than who's the idea truly is. post on X mocking them. live a chill life. me fr 0.0000001 sec after a girl comments on my tweet:

"she said she got a boyfriend, but she wants to get a drink
it's not the weekend, and she got a class for Ivy League
she's just a stranger, but it seems as if she doesn't want to be" Tune hi to bola tha make this viral I tried Hmm My sign at that time was constipated

11th se calculators allowed hote hai. icse board me. ye exams kyu exist karte hai. i literally have so many ideas in my mind i can build. but i can't. 😭 WhatsApp desktop app > web

yt randomly recommended me this. fuck, its all true.
Kya joke mara hai bhai 16/02/25, 4:05 pm - Agrim: Yo guys E isn't the centre

BWU IS A LEGEND FOR THAT. Nabeel smoked anjum

rap bot to the save. Rb vs panther dekha Rap bkt chutiya h Bot* Anjum aint got the skills to diss nabeel now ok. 200 bars incoming. Lol nah Anjum cant Listen to nabeel Opp aint naezy this time lol, 100 bars is said to be one of the best diss tracks in history. Never have I seen anyone say that Maybe some lunjum fans say that Like u Afaik engagement ke liye keh rha h obv bruh see reddit. There are a thousand other diss trax a mill tines better Avg lunjum fan thinks lunjum is the best rapper ever He is trash Plus the anti indian posts i thought we were talking about music? nah. 100 bars aint even close Not even top 10 top 4 dss tracks of all time: makasam, m4, 100 bars, gauntlet 2.0. *diss fight me. and tt/shutdown too. thats it. nothing can beat these top 5. Talha anjun is shit Riyal Play godzilla btw. ik. bruh, you literally believe in this? anyone can update their pfp to that of krsna's. Its from krsna.army twitter accha hai. nahi to exams bohot bekar jate. Listen guys so I am in a very bad scene So there are three girls who have asked me out for a date When I was out for playing a local match near Gomti Nagar All were pretty educated And dressed in modern style But the thing is I don't want to go on a date with either of them So wtf am I supposed to do ? They asked me to give them a response by   Thursday So give me some kinda solution Cause I ain't leaving Akshara Just deny if you don't want to Thats what i did I also expirienced this a few days ago Just politely deny, "I am not interested in any sort of relationship"

now this is humor! the ending of aspirants s2 is so good. Why are yall asked to call her? Project nhi diya Mene to na koi project, written work, assignment, holiday homework etc, kuch bhi nahi diya. Meri teacher ne to kuch nahi bola upvote. 17/02/25, 3:20 pm - arjuncodess: lol, तसे तसे fly.

ajnabi >>> is there a thing called a WhatsApp bot? krsna. idk tbh. Its krsna confirmed bruh ITS COMING FEB bruh ye kya kya padha rahe hai hume. bio book - page 173. ofc. sab letters capitals me hai. => KR$NA. Looling at the photo alone You can tel Tell* plus that glasses. Yea *looking. what is coming? Track This ok. mujhe laga koi coke studio jaisa hoga. alag alag artists ko bula ke ek single album sort of banayenge. Feature h bas Krsna was international way before everyone arre ha. good reference. haa, vahi. tell me you're lying. 😭 ye covid 19 wala paragraph padh ke nostalgia feel ho raha hai tbh. just listened to awich. and she got moves with eng + japanese. krsna with eng + hindi. bruh, we bout to see some crazy action. 17/02/25, 4:57 pm - Pratyuush 👽: Prolly followed you from my profile Read his bio How is her rap? Btw any idea who the other 3 are its rap? nah. but i know they gonna be fire.

ye kya ho raha hai india me pichle ek do hafte se. 😭 its great bruh. Yeah it got hate when it released R/2 ok. yea, it works now. thanks. Industry ko mai na pasand zyada
Kyuki mai karu wahi jo chahta
Bolte the ye style na samajh ata
Aaj milte ye gate alag gatha oh yea. i know. 1 year wala 40% hoga. aur R/2 20% hoga semi compounded wala. right? Ok right or wrong? someone played "gand me danda" there 7 times. ☠️ Thanks for the text ? Haha U brought the sad ones Most of ours is the same 17/02/25, 6:17 pm - arjuncodess: true. lol fr. me and my broski. Baawe that 4% is the difference of being a 0.5% bwu fan. 17/02/25, 6:26 pm - Agrim: I aint making an account now you have an account i think? nvm, leave it. surely has. Nop Its asking to fill so many details yea. ik. Done wtf.

you listen to chaar diwari? Whats that Suna hoga kabhi what you have to say about this crime you have committed? tbh i haven't listened to him. giving him a listen just now.

please don't copy meri naach pehle naach. puri copy hai wtf.

its all the same. listen to this. thanks for introducing me to NF and especially to the song - GONE by him.

"camera in the mirror"? wtf bro. this country is fucked up. i have 384 posts on X. and  has 834 posts. he joined X in June 2024. i joined in November 2022. lol stop shitposting bruh. I dont have 834 posts wth why does it show that way . replies bruh. ok ok. Now way i have 834 No* Im not shotposting yea you shatposting. When i made my account It showed 700 smt Its wrong Nah I ain't But I just can't prove it because it is not in a written form Plus I am not able to record in their presence i don't want a prove bruh. this is enough. learn from this 3 hour course and you'll be able to compete with me. no lie. the guy you see here is an independent maker millionaire. he has built 27 startups and is not stopping. highly recommend to follow this blindly. Thanks baawe and nothing complex. i hope you remember what was mongodb. a db exactly. please. let us all be developers and build something of our own. _again._ but please don't use ai blindly. please understand what you;re doing first. the ai won;t build the app end to end. it will require you for testing, making changes, and a lot of prompting.

all of them are ~14yos and doing better than me. and it hurts bro. im 15 and im a failure. Kya 18/02/25, 9:39 am - Pratyuush 👽: This message was deleted ? two years and spacex rockets will have grok3. machines winning prizes is also close acc to them. 2-3 years. ofc with an expert involved. live building: qrok3 built tetris from scratch. ai gaming studio? at x.ai elon just announced this. BRUH. WHEN GROK 3 BECOMES STABLE, GROK 2 WILL BE OPEN SOURCED. bruh, you all missed out on so much. elon is crazy with this one. nowi its jsut qna and then over. bruh, nolan is on another level. anne hathaway, tom holland, zendaya, robert pattinson, and charlize theron are on his new film "the odyssey."

bhai sahab.
hahahaha. been through this and this is exactly why he is so immature. you need sleep, there's no deny in that. managing school with code is also too easy, stop saying like you're the one in the world, dumb.

W. Passports terminated of ranveer, samay and apoorva who is the third person? Are woh ladki Rebelkid the yapper? "Na de wo saath to ye zaat lapata hai
Wo aaye bin bulaye aise khwaab bhi na aayein
Shaam hi subha hai meri raat kyun na aaye
Jahan khushbuein gulaab ki wahan yaad tu hi aaye"

SHIKWA - yunus. 18/02/25, 3:18 pm - arjuncodess: too good. ever wondered how much time it would have took to optimize google earth website whats wrong with it? i know its slow. but not too slow. Yeah Nothing Im talking about the developer nightmares lol, yea. i get it now. and tbh frame loading the model of the earth. 3D view of different cities 💀 fr. How did they manage to do it? Must've got a big paycheck ofc. how did the Google Team actually build Google Earth? the model would be so large and then rendering on the web seems like a huge task. Also include text on how they optimized it. Google Earth's development is a remarkable story of innovation and technical expertise. Here's a simplified overview:

# Building Google Earth
*1. Data Collection*
Google partnered with various organizations to gather satellite and aerial imagery, terrain data, and geographic information. They used:

- Satellite imagery from NASA, USGS, and commercial providers
- Aerial photography from planes and helicopters
- Terrain data from NASA's Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM)
- Geographic information from the US Census Bureau, OpenStreetMap, and others

*2. Image Processing*
Google developed proprietary algorithms to stitch together the vast amounts of imagery data, ensuring seamless transitions and accurate geolocation. They also applied techniques like:

- Image compression to reduce storage and bandwidth requirements
- Mosaicking to combine multiple images into a single, cohesive view
- Orthorectification to correct for distortions and ensure accurate geometry

*3. 3D Modeling*
Google Earth's 3D model is based on the WGS84 (World Geodetic System 1984) reference frame. They used:

- Terrain data to create a 3D mesh of the Earth's surface
- Building and vegetation models to add detailed features
- Texture mapping to apply imagery and other visual effects to the 3D model

*4. Rendering and Visualization*
To render the massive 3D model in real-time, Google developed a custom rendering engine that utilizes:

- Level of detail (LOD) techniques to dynamically adjust model complexity based on distance and zoom level
- Occlusion culling to hide objects outside the user's view
- Multi-threading and parallel processing to maximize performance

# Optimization Techniques
To ensure smooth performance and efficient rendering, Google employed various optimization techniques:

- *Tile-based rendering*: Breaking the 3D model into smaller, manageable tiles for efficient rendering and caching.
- *Cache optimization*: Implementing caching mechanisms to reduce the number of requests to the server and improve rendering speed.
- *Progressive rendering*: Rendering the scene in stages, starting with a low-resolution version and gradually increasing detail as needed.
- *Client-side prediction*: Anticipating user interactions and pre-loading relevant data to reduce latency.
- *Server-side optimization*: Using load balancing, content delivery networks (CDNs), and other techniques to ensure fast and reliable data delivery.

The result of these efforts is a seamless, interactive, and visually stunning experience that has revolutionized the way we explore and understand our planet.

Would you like to know more about Google Earth's technology or other geographic information systems (GIS)?
i somewhat had a crush on this black-wearing girl. my dumbass refused to believe she didn't exist.

gotta use this one.
bruh. Bruh bullying kids on Roblox and other kids multiplayer games is my favourite thing to do why tho? Satisfaction I love how they defend their actions and then I throw a reality check on them Just like I do with you Frfr Cant agree more Cyberbullying*

umair has improved so much after rockstar without a guitar album. got the key clicks and made a song out of it. bruh thats not a reality check as you say. making people feel worse for no reason is what you are doing. real satisfaction doesn't come from tearing others down.

samay should use this fr.

it's time we enter the world of underground music.
I have nigg me too. proakshat. and rapbrox. neither are you. AWICH x JAY PARK x KR$NA x MASIWEI x VANNDA life goal: reach $1M ARR by 30. Maine kabhi kaha mae sigma hu ? Agar tum assumptions kar rahe ho then it is your fault not mine 🤷 It is a boy but has fitted according to your gender you couldn't get anything better than this? 😂 These jokes are enough for you cause the last time I used my dark humour you were born pata hai Proves my point even more thanks Tumlogo kae paas exam pattern wali pdf aayi hai ? Bhej do agar aayi hai toh No pattern change hua hai? Chapter 1 and 2 are good 1 was best scariest 3 and 4 are more story like Horror wise they are trash ok. WHY?! WHYYY?! why do these people end the reel before the good part of the song? i hate it. 😭 get free figma templates (community, giveaways, etc)
convert to react/next.js code
sell as templates This message was deleted lol. this is crazy. 😂🤣 Arjun history project guidelines bhej Jaldi bhejde mere paas nahi hai. Kya banana tha ye to bata de History
Write about the monuments build in Mughal Empire ( Taj Mahal is compulsary and have to be of 4 pages)
Rest there should be total 7 monuments (including tan Mahal)
Photos are compulsory. Have to submit in a buttoned folder 📂 idk. just tell it. maths ke top 5 chapters bata. Genghis khan dark secrets This message was deleted Idk all your posts are "lame ass" They are for the dhh community Not u But yeah i agree they are lame I mean they are for you too, you listen to dhh Mera hai har baat pe gaali dene ka kya matlab hai.  ? stop doing this. Ok sorry be real for sometime bro. what does this get you? doing for the "community? is that what you call it? spreading hate? is that what you call "doing it for the community"? but yea nvm. idk your side but all im exposed to is the tech twitter. always on the grind. what does the normal twitter look like? Bhai aise bol rha h jaise pata nahi kya ho kr diya Kabhi kabhi deta hu Kabhi kabhi sab dete hai Har jagah thodi deta hu Spreading hate against ta you mean? Whole dhht hates him cuz of the anti indian stuff Dont you dare defend him now i knew you would take that statement and get it the wrong way. ok, nothing from my side on ta. but that comes in hate too. fr? Whole dhht hates him, i hate him for the anti indian posts bohot gaali dene lage ho bhai. Online* please mat diya karo. bas itna hi kahunga. Ok bro 🥹 what "ok bro" you dumb shitposter. This message was deleted Then you do this: your choice. but its a bad decision you are taking. K imma improve Thanks Pratyush from delhi Ngl you are real one for that bruh. agar apne thoughts itne share hi karne hai. to ek article likh dalo ki why this that, samay, latent, ranveer, half your posts are on that. okay bro i get it, its wrong. but you can't change it why waste time? Why judging bruh i do that in my free time I dont watch reels like you Yo anyone has any idea on how do we clean shave? Dont have a beard currently so dk I have some and it looks bad Also, oil sticks to them causing acne "Why judging bruh i do that in my free time" My skin is oily Im not judging you me too. You are criticizing an activity i like to undertake in my free time idk. ek baar trim kiya tha bas. I appreciate you pointing out me abusing too much, and imma work on that But why you criticizing something you also do Was thinking of using shaving cream verbal me bhi, bohot gaali dete ho bhai. Changing from today Start over Ab dekhna Tell me after 1 week Pratyush kabse aisa hogaya Ojas ne bana diya Hmm Ojas to deta h Change topic Gali wala baad me discuss karenge 1 week baad bruh. these are the two shit posts i have on my acc. *only two Posting what you dont follow isnt shitposting is this a shitpost if you notice, mere pure account pe aise retweets hai. bas. flex na bolna. end the topic. wish you all the best on your journey. Blud you follow a different community, that doesnt mean other communities are always shitposting Tera suggestion maine le liye, tu hamara kyu nhi leta Ok Kya hogaya arjun Type krta hai fir delet krdeta hai nvm. im sorry. just end this. ok. Aur waisa kaisa hai Exams start hogaye? parso se hai. sahi hu. tum? idk bro. Gud untill sst exam fr. sst sucks. Sst is for lowlifes Forced to study sst Because percentage is made from total of all subjects Btw dhruv rathee uploaded a video on indias got latent controversy Not interested free speech khatam hui to sabse Pehle ye jayega. Free speech is important Yeah he did blabber nonsense but that doesnt mean you're gonna arrest him Ranveer soch by mohak mangal >>> Btw i have full video of that ep Nitish rajput is also good fr. Kisi ko chahiye hoga to puchh lena I'm waiting for the day that I can get a girl
Without saying something nice
Money talks, bitches listen Damn he has really achieved that now The dudes that robbed me when I was 14
Staring at that gun, I was numb iPhone on its way to turn Chapri Yeah Btw Before it was gay now gay plus chapri you watching the 2nd leg today? Nah I can't watch Aguero suffer 😂 I will watch it Thats why im up I will watch the highlights tomorrow Alr half yearly physics paper ka solution hai? mera upthrust se bohot galat tha. bhej de. No answers yaad hai? tere kitne the subjective me? aur tumhara room no. kya hai? 68/80 highest subjective bata na. 40 of 48 Shayad nice. 37 here. Pehle magnet padhu ya baki? Current wala ho gya magnet Pehle kar raha hu mai. heat aur light baad me karunga. baaki done.

he's right tbh.

found gold.

fr. ye heat khatam kyu nahi ho raha. kitna hua? Heat bacha h Kr rha hu Tera same. Done Magnets ke diagrams padh lena Bruh Chhaava is sooooooooooo goated You guys gotta watch this masterpiece It is about the true history of India Chhatrapati Sambhaji Maharaj was just so goated not only him but all the other maharaja who fought against Mughals were goated History is so interesting if we are to study about the true history of India I am not even a Maratha but as a Hindu this film gave me a different kinda call And fuck Aurangzeb No fuck all the Mughals and Muslims Mfs are snakes Who fed on their own bloodline I already knew about sambhaji It is Sambhaji Maharaj not just Sambhaji I mean the thing is why don't they teach us about these people at school All they teach us about are Mughals And foreign invasion "akbar the great" Biggest cap ever Akbar the fucktard He doesn't even come close to Maharana Pratap let alone any other Maharaja No disrespect to Maharana Pratap But I used this example in order to showcase the strength of the maharajas this one was made by me But she looks like a black hole Absolute caseoh build she is Nice 1 kitne aayenge? Tu bata ok ok gaya hai. numericals saare hogye. theory me kharab hua hai bas. lol thank god, vernier aagaya. kitna relief mila. sabse easy vahi hota hai. aur ye electricity ka naamo nishan nahi tha. 😭 Bhai eng lang ka one shots bhejo Uski dosage leke exam dunga

ye le, pura syllabus hai. 03:38​ - Grammar: Tenses
45:22​ - Subject-Verb Agreement
1:26:30​ - Reported Speech
2:16:59​ - Active and Passive voice
2:43:30​ - Transformation of Sentences
3:56:25​ - Preposition
4:40:08​ - Writing Skills: Composition
5:12:40​ - Letter writing
5:27:59​ - Notice writing
5:31:18​ - E-mail writing
5:36:51​ - Comprehension passage After merging topics with **I and II** parts, the total number of topics is **15**. Here’s the final list:

1. **Agreement of Verb with Subject**
2. **Informal Letter**
3. **Descriptive Essay**
4. **Active and Passive Voice**
5. **Direct and Indirect Speech**
6. **Tenses and Their Uses**
7. **The Sequence of Tenses**
8. **Prepositions**
9. **Transformation of Sentences**
10. **Comprehension and Precis Writing**
11. **Formal Letter**
12. **Synthesis of Sentences**
13. **Comparison of Adjectives**
14. **Notice and Email**
15. **Complete Functional Grammar**

total ye topics hai. Comparing your **list of 15 topics** with the **timestamps** you provided, the following topics are **missing** from the timestamps:

1. **Agreement of Verb with Subject** *(Covered as Subject-Verb Agreement at 45:22 – ✅ Present)*
2. **Informal Letter** *(Covered under Letter Writing at 5:12:40 – ✅ Present)*
3. **Descriptive Essay** ❌ **(Missing)**
4. **Active and Passive Voice** *(Covered at 2:16:59 – ✅ Present)*
5. **Direct and Indirect Speech** *(Covered as Reported Speech at 1:26:30 – ✅ Present)*
6. **Tenses and Their Uses** *(Covered as Grammar: Tenses at 03:38 – ✅ Present)*
7. **The Sequence of Tenses** ❌ **(Missing)**
8. **Prepositions** *(Covered at 3:56:25 – ✅ Present)*
9. **Transformation of Sentences** *(Covered at 2:43:30 – ✅ Present)*
10. **Comprehension and Precis Writing** *(Comprehension Passage covered at 5:36:51, but **Precis Writing is missing**) ❌ **(Partially Missing)**
11. **Formal Letter** *(Covered under Letter Writing at 5:12:40 – ✅ Present)*
12. **Synthesis of Sentences** ❌ **(Missing)**
13. **Comparison of Adjectives** ❌ **(Missing)**
14. **Notice and Email** *(Notice Writing at 5:27:59, Email Writing at 5:31:18 – ✅ Present)*
15. **Complete Functional Grammar** ❌ **(Missing)**

### **Final Answer:**
The following **5 topics are missing** from the timestamps:
1. **Descriptive Essay**
2. **The Sequence of Tenses**
3. **Precis Writing** (from Comprehension and Precis Writing)
4. **Synthesis of Sentences**
5. **Comparison of Adjectives**
6. **Complete Functional Grammar**

ye 5 topic khud se padh lena. No one cares about tech burner *now. ahaaa! 🥳 ek 40 sec verse ke liye kitna khush ho rahe hai hum log. 😂 Tu bhi Only 2-3 days nax now Max* hum log bola to. kyu bhai. exams kharab ho jayenge aise to. march me karta badhiya rehta. I just hope he outraps them verse yaad hojayega lekin theory nahi yaad hogi, i know myself very well. 😭 Cuz he is representing india here This is crucial ofc. ye to har baar ka hai. fr. Nah ftdo jaise hag diya to ijjat chali jayegi brodha V, yunus, j trix. sabko overshadow kar deta hai $. fr. English padh rha h? nahi hoga aisa. Thats why he the goat Ye kaha dikhta h wth 716 following. A single post Fr thats too much bruh nice one. Ab dekh mera account No abusive language bruh. fr. good one. my vid was so funny i had to download it from discord to send it here. All prepared for exams I just finished re-watching Monster in english so my vocabulary now is on par with Drake all done? iske baad ek baar copy padhunga aur catchy titles dekhunga phir done. your all done? Nah no way Sach bata ? 3x pe dekh raha hu bro. 5 hrs tak to nahi padha hoga eng lang ye itna dheere dheere bol rahi hai mai kya karu. Stop lying lol, 2.5 hours only. Aint no way . Nah Fir bhi Jhutha nahi sahi me pura dekha hai. Video bhej bhai ko fomo hogya. . Nope, you didnt see this bruh, this is it. No You didnt see this what do you mean by "You didnt see this"? i just literally finished it. No I just saw transformation of sentences and synthesis kal chhutti mae milna Exam kae baad Van wale area kae paas Aur agar mujhe Akshara dikhegi toh mae uske sath chala jaunga Yes

bruh ye bande ki energy dekh ke subscribe maar diya maine. red ka live performance. kaisa gaya? is it only me or calm >>> encore. Mast No Encore >>> Tera kaisa gaya Mere full ane chahiye literally bhai bohot achha gaya hai. 70/80 aaram se hai. actually zyaada bhi ho sakte hai. full aa hi nahi sakte. calm >>>

"Jo seekhta hai haar se, wo haara nahi
Jalta hai aap se, wo taara nahi
Jalta hai aag se, hai taara wahi
Main jalta tha aashiki mein saara din
Pighalta tha aashiki mein saari raat
Teri-meri chhod, ye humaari baat hai
Teri-meri saans nahi, ye humaari saans hai
Hamaara lagaav hai, humaara khwab hai
Hamaara prasaad hai, hamaara paap hai"

fr encore ate in this one. still nothing can beat kodak. Kaanch ke ghar Calm can never do that calm ke verse ke upar puri movie ban sakti hai. aaj kya padhoge? im thinking to complete history term 1 today.

bruh. what the hell is happening. track aaj release hoga kya? aur kaise pata? Either today at 12 am japanese time or tomorrow ye to mujhe bhi pata hai. ok. but how you know? ek sec, mv aayega pakka. youtube ka likha hai. Obv Hmm "might" Stop quoting what i say ok. name a song with the perfect mv. Joota japani Could be coming in 20 mins good choice. Upar wala jhutha hai lag to raha hai but log comment kar rahe vaise wale to real hai shayad. sabke parents ko iss baat se dikkat ho rahi hoti hai ki marks nahi aa rahe. mere marks aa rahe hai to bol rahe hai ki tum to padhte hi kaha ho. 😭 W. nice. update: reply nahi aaya. mai shobhit nirwan ki video dekh raha hu 10x pe aur abhi bhi samajh aa raha hai. kitna Dheere padhata hai ye.

remember this? 😂 fr bhai. ye circle wali video thi. 3 ghanta ki. 1 ghante ke andar khatam. I listen to music, not artists why the hate for TA then? just asking. nvm. This message was deleted Except ta For the anti indian posts bruh. lol. 😂 "I listen to music, not artists" Except ta nice bro. 👍 kaayda / faayda is such a good track. Ok good choice btw. nightmare is one of the best on the album. and listen to burnout the prod is next level on that one. and no sign of ukulele except in 'ghost'. just pure guitar melodies. 10 pe 10 is awesome. 2022: DIVINE collabs with Armani White on the track 'Baazigar'
2025: KR$NA representing India on the "ASIAN STATE OF MIND"

these two only repping India.

why does it fit so well.

this is humor! peak humor. Padhayi karle suar history hai kal 45 lane hai bas. 15 to test ka hai hi. Bro my sister was watching reels aur i guess baj gaya i am top 0.5% of bwu fans. (acc to spotify) Ye krke dekh Karle tayyari agli baar teri bari hai,
Kara criticize par teri hate maine nakari hi
Arjun tere baadh tujhi pe chala du,
Ek bar (baar) me hi jala du aisi ye kalakaari hai Tera bhai rapper banega to iit kyu kar raha hai? the class name would be like MC 101. Hamne diss battle kiya tha ek baar Yaad h lol, i was chatgpting everything tbh. Us samay chatgpt nahi tha 🤡 kuch bhi? 2022 me aaya hai chatgpt. tab Pratham jitna dumb tha, pata hai. lol, remember pade dham dham Pratham. Abhi bhi hai utna bhi nahi hai. Hai 175B se seedha 1.8T pe aagaya hai. bohot intelligent hogya hai. *parameters. *or the data points. chatgpt 3.5 - 175B parameters only.
chatgpt 4o - 1.8T parameters. ~10 times better. This message was deleted This message was deleted I have become a better human being Ab gali nhi deta and now, o1 and o3. bro, just imagine the power. 🤯 theres no o2 btw. Shut the fuck up arjun nice. ok. ye to sirf kare baat. bruh, didn't get the context? कृपया दिए गए वाक्य को पढ़ें ok. kitna padh liya? Half yearly bacha hai aur salient features Civics me bas 1 ch mera utna hua hai. ☠ Kitna elections, harappan aur Vedic (kal padha tha), delhi, Mughal, composite (almost done) itna hogya hai. 3 Europe wale karke so jaunga bas. upar upar se Jainism bhi dekh lunga. usme to sab kuch same hi hai. kuch points hi hai logical wale. inke alawa aur kya karu? Mauryan aur Gupta ke alawa? YEA. 28th feb it is. hindi ka paper hai. badhiya aaram se sununga. What's the status on History prep ? Mine is going bad too bad. I just can't study history it is boring af did like 6 chapters till now. imagine 6/19 chapters. fr. My condition is actually better than you ik. I have completed civics nice. Sst ka exam hai 😭 Saturday ko And 4 chapter of history Sorry 6 19 ch a rahe hai Humlog kae bhi same Sst is bad Saturday ko geo with 20 chapters Pre sst exam dreams are the worst lol, agrim ka sst ka hai to 19 chapters hai, humara history/civics hai tab 19 hai. WELL GUESS WHAT NIGGAS I AM AT 18/20 Nigga there are 19 chapters You studying geo or something Huge aura loss Ojas chhuti me kaha rehta hai Hum log late chhode jatte hai 10:50 tak Last exam kae din mae apne aap jaunga toh milna phir bakchodi kari jayegi Yes Commerce walo ka last kab hai 5 March tak Nice Same bhai 9th khatam hogya. 🤯 Aagle saal boards bhi hai bc ☠️ Icse Bhai 2026 lagao 25 bohot downfall hochuka hai already I read that marvel and disney Aaj science ka paper thha achha gaya thha It was easy Ab sst sata rahi hai Ojas padhle hijde Hizru boi History me chud jayega kal Not you too 😭 Gif name facial harmony Chadtagyt Ur also a hizruboi? I literally remembered the whole damn song Nono mixture of hizru boi and chutpaglu boi Same here, girlie I aint a saint Kabhi kabhi to chalta hai bhai Fr Arjun is too sensitive Chut ka meetha paani tune land sae apne jhaad diya 🗣️ Meetha bangaya hai Tera lund hai urankhatola meri choot me udta jaye re 🗣🔥 I have to learn this song maths me kitne aa rhe h pehle to 80 lag rahe the. phir 75 hogye. vo circle wale proof me SSA wala axiom laga diya. jab ki aisa kuch nahi hota hai. meri class me sabka ye galat hua hai lol. tumhara sahi hai? 80 hone chahiye Dub mar ye sahi hai tumhara? Haa jabki SSA koi axiom hota hi nahi hai. 😭 perpendicular bana ke kiya hai kya? maine socha tha but pata nahi kiya nahi. Haa Bruh, perpendicular banake congruent prove krke perpendicular ko equal prove krdo Fir chords equidistant from centre and equal vahi yar. 😭 Mumbai se dilli tak
Mai mumbai ka sanjay dutt Btw bhushra maam ne bola h ki first term skip kar dena yea. ik. but second term konsa yaad ho raha hai. 3:59 am is so good divine? yea. fr. send bio and geo top 3 chapters. (highest weightage) Bio ka nhi pata History kaisa gaya? geo ka to bata do. . ok ok. tera? badhiya hi gaya hoga. paper simple tha. Thodi der me Kitne aa rhe h Mere 70+ idk. 60 shayad. history vaise bhi padhi nahi thi maine zyaada. bas pass hona hai. baaki subjects se percentage recover ho jati hai. tinai wala aata tha? kyuki idhar to literally bas ek ko aata tha.

duolingo dropped the coldest edit. 😭 CLAUDE 3.7 SONNET JUST DROPPED. 25/02/25, 2:11 pm - Pratyuush 👽: Yes 25/02/25, 2:12 pm - Pratyuush 👽: Yes rr's verse on no mercy is just something else. 🔥 lol, ye bataya jata hai tumlogo ko? shak sahi tha. Dont snitch ok.

underrated. This is what my feed greets me through TEASER. "explain this topic like im 5." prompt is so underrated. Who ? Awich is advertising a song so much true tbh. but teaser sahi hai daal dya. *diya. lol, i remember something from diya. nvm. Bhagwaan bola mujhse divine pani pe chal gandgi hai tu aur mai flush wale mode me. Isme kya tweet kru idk. something like "ASIAN STATE OF MIND - COMING ON 28TH FEB" Meta got obliterated Reply with no constructive criticism keeping ojas big as hell I continued it and asked to get personal with the insults It said that I was stubborn Ss bhejo Ek sec Bro got cooked in the first line It is now going to become AM Search it up if you don't know about it Usko bhi bhej deta fir lol. nice one. ye skit dekh lo revision ke liye.
ITS HERE LESSGOO ABHI THODI DER ME SUNUNGA ALREADY?! LFG!!! mai sunne ja raha. Nvm Bruh 😭 kya hua? Where is the song ? Its an interview nope. 1-2 min ke baad hai. WAIT WTH. gana kaha hai? It isnt a song Japan jane ka chakkar Its a teaser Bruh 7 min ka teaser "beat reveal" 😭 Watch the krsna part with eng sub "his flow is like a machine gun" yea, i saw it too. Bro rizzed her ip fr. fr. no rhyme scheme, nothing. Both let me reframe for you. who was MORE  at fault? Phatik Its subjective bruh why phatik bro? Because yes? because? Phatik was bruh, think about it. if there was no nautanki done by makhan, phatik would be all well. "she had a prejudice against the boy, ..." But that didnt mean phatik could hit him oh hell no. just tell me - who started it? out of anger he did. idk man, nvm. just tell me what i need to write in the exam to secure my marks. Any just tell the better option. please. Its subjective bruh you know these English teachers well. they want the answer coming exactly from their words. nvm then. lol, repeating points for phatik. i still think makhan was the one at fault. oh damn, it may be cus im the older brother and so i think like that.

bruh fr?
??? bruh, you would have interacted with his tweets too much. He interacts with mine* or the opposite. yes. ?

lol, fine lagao isko. Chances of millitary coup in bangladesh mere sath bhi hota h Nah WTH. YEAHHHH!!!! LFG!!! Nah no way Buddha 20 mins mv to nahi dega It must mean something else yea, i guess. idk. byee. Ok so I actually got a s25 ultra and a Google pixel 9 pro It is a total bruh moment I came back home and my mama mami came to me and gave me two phones Congrats

lol, haa dekha hai.

fr.

wth, replies dekho. TOMORROW. ASOM. Nigga its 8:30 pm today Where tf do you get these info from wth? fr? thanks. 28/2/25 likha tha uss ss me. Japanese time 👌 6.5 hours to go. time pass kaise karu? oh yea, exam hai kal hindi ka. yaad aaya. byee.

is this true? calm? Yes This message was deleted bruh, wth is encore doing.
Krsna getting randomly cooked By his own fans Nigga thats mc stan bruh bruh it is tomorrow. Cuz its mv lol. 4:30 tomorrow the G. to audio kab aayega? Aaj 8 30 oh got it. Part 2 kab ayega vahi to. 😭 3 mahine bola tha usne.
This shit hurts ngl 💔 Ftdo- mid
Bro cooked this in 1 entire year- still mid Has krsna lost his skill? i won't listen to it. *right now. Dont Ever official wali video se hi sununga. 🤢 bruh fr? itna bura hai? Hmm not possible. It is Hug diya global stage pe Shimi shimi ye shimi ye shimi ya hahaha. not gonna believe you just like that. wait till tomorrow. Comments dekho bruh is it something like hasta la vista na wasta na rishta, khas tha na last gana pass na tha KR$NA? Nah not at all Its something like this it would not be this bad bro. what's ftdo? For the day ones saal bhar game se bahar rahega to ek baar me badhiya kaise likh dega? WHO SAID FTDO WAS MID? Stop with the delusions dont believe it but this is the truth. AND WHAT THE HELL SAID THAT. stay away was kind of mid. but the rest were good enough. what's wrong with you? FTDO wasn't mid. Role model was below mid Asian state of mind is ASS 🤮 WTF? kuch bhi matlab? Nah im stopping with the delusions Shut up and whats up were good agreed. Fuck this buddha but role model was great. I aint listening to him now Took 1 year to release a trash verse that too on global stage my fav song of his is still blowing up. Old krsna is long gone forgot VIRASAT? bruh, i will shift to SM and YS completely if this actually isn't good enough. maybe international hiphop too. Same, except ys Yeah, i forgot how fking long hes taking to release an album for his dedicated fans Neither does he care about his fans nor about his rap Only money Krsna aint the goat he used to be dawg My spotify subscription was meant to expire today but its still active for some reason I didnt pay i don't see the problem? Yeah No way krsna and badhshah drop on the same day and badshah's song is better Cancel subscription or it will auto withdraw money from ur account Happens in netflix I already know that But im smart Its connected to google play balance And my google play balance is 0 🧠💪 My upi isnt connected to it so im good to go put overdrive krsna verse on that beat. straight fire. i can't imagine. Dont talk about this trash rapper anymore please 😔 bruh, "trash" please don't get started on this. i just hope that - that leak was fake. 😭 Meri post dekh konsi. you post every 30 minutes. which one? Lol no just send me the link. i don't even have X installed. Ye paryaywachi shabd wagera nhi aa rha hai kya? aa raha hai. kon bola? Bhejdo book nahi hai? No Bhej de na I wish it was ai ? Asian state of MID Leak wala verse baaki ka verse bekar na ho bas. Kaha aya gana? ? abhi kaha aaya hai. 8:30 pe aa rha tha na arre ha. ruko dekhta hu. ? megh aye ke ques ans bhejdo nahi hai. maine bola tha kal aayega. ye megh aye chapter hai kya bhai. itna bekar chapter hai. lol. sahi me ai hai kya? mujhse ruka nahi jaa raha mai jaa raha sunne vo leak. ek sec, this is KR$NA? what the hell, he being for real? the beat is better bruh. leviathan? is this is a coincidence? see this. vahi same hai? Haa but achha hai bhai Baki logo se to thik hi j H* send screen rec or you lying. Bruh band kr diya pc Vannda ki lyrics I got what i want but i do it for the people Kal dekh lena vo Korean wale bande ka bata, krsna ke baad uska hi sabse zyaada craze tha. bro actually did it. thanks btw. awich's flow sounds good. the second one is jay? Yes So is there a squid game ref? Who did better Idk it sounded like the main character's name. . im listening rn. wait. krsna ka verse itna bhi kharab nahi hai yar. the cambordia guy is killing it. THE SONG'S A BANGER BRO. THIS IS AWESOME. YEAHHHHHH. beat flowing so smooth. Whos is best The beat was the best park Part* fr. awich did great. the other 3 guys were straight fire. . . krsna was not too impressive i agree now. jay park is fire too. listen from 1:38. abe krsna ne English kyu nahi kara? He got overshadowed? no, its good. but not too impressive. mai vahi English (prominent) + hindi bars expect kar raha tha. who did the best? i think it's Jay. So others did better All were mid nothing too crazy bro bruh different voices from asia, on a single destructive beat is "mid"? it's great of a song tbh. leviathan wala ref sahi tha krsna ka. song dropped on 28th, 27th ko reels me trend pe tha. this. any ideas? Not me Hogi koi Mujhe bhi krleti hai Random people Emiway's father getting stronger after emiway was born bruh random nahi hai. story se pata chal raha hai ki 15 ka hai. aur I'd bhi purani hai. Hoga koi jante hoge tum shayad Me nahi hu Meri ek ID hai iss baar bhi koi banda hua na, to gussa lag jayegi mereko. 😤 Dusri wali school ke uppar meme page hai pichli baar banda tha. phir usne block kar diya tha. lol. nice. followers? Idk i lost the id If i recall It was 400 smth posts se ladka lag raha hai aur highlights full ladki lag rahi hai. lol. nice. byee. sleep well. gn. Tomboy Aka trans Imo krsna verse was the best Bruh pura gana sunke lag rha h krsna did good bruh, tomboys are trans? what the hell was i saying tell me. Tbh his verse was the best nah, everyone did great.

lyrics here. "i don't know you, you aint familiar" isko shimi shimi yeah shimi yeah se rhyme kar diya bhai ne. "keep big arms jaise popeye k" Popeye K is a 17.1 hands Dutch Warmblood stallion that competes on the "A" circuit in show hunter classes. Also k pop For jay park ? The whole song was okayish, but no replay value It was okay not bad Jay park ne hug diya

lyrics out too. Hitler ne gaand fad rakhi hai jay park was the most okayish. Lmao look at his lyrics Just look Random ahh lol. fr. Lets move on. The song was okay. We cant expect ngl or prarthana level stuff everytime. Atleast he outrapped the others. yup. Yall can also do this to get a lifetime subscription now i can't study for my exams. i just can't. It would hv been sadder if he got overshadowed the outro is fire. you can't disagree with that. full vibe hai. 2 GHANTE ME MV AAYEGA!!! 28/02/25, 2:00 pm - Pratyuush 👽: Yes nice. im doing first 11 and 14 and 15. sahi hai? No Humidity to thik h then what? suggest changes? Im doing q3 q7 q9 as of now Baki 2 dekh lunga humidity to simple hai mai bhi kar leta hu. Thanks to bolde thanks thanks thanks. i take my words back. 6 marks ka chod ke aaya hu. 🤡 Wth nigga? i left the easiest 6 marks of the paper. 🤡 comprehension. 🤡 Why idk. dikha hi nahi mujhe. 😭 Dub mar ok. Blank map ki photo bhej Photocopy krke practice krunga nahi hai. koi bhi google se utha le. bruh, mere dimag me asom ki beat chal rahi hai. verse aa hi nahi raha kisi ka. Mat yaad dilao be mid gane ka bruh, mid to nahi hai.

shimmy shimmy ya shimmy ya. 28/02/25, 4:45 pm - arjuncodess: MV AACHUKA HOGA. ye yt pe log itna pyar dikha rahe hai X aur reddit par ladai machi hui hai. Krsna verse is best, even though not very good
It really blends with the beay Beat* true. 2 ques done On 3rd lol, mai third chapter pe hu. . 2nd 3rd done and on 11th now. Remember money ? "money" "Muneee" oh, that was mMmMoOnNeeeYYyY Arjun, do you like coding i know what you tryna do here. Ive done it before With u yes. "Fool me once, shame on you. Foole me twice, shame on me" Fool* map kitne marks ka aa sakta hai? Idk Bhai   koi geo kae maps bhej do half yearly aur annual dono saare colors likhe hue hai. book me hi second term ke maps hai. Studyih pollution, its mostly common knowledge yea. actually the whole unit. mai literally 5 baar insta feed reload kiya har baar krsna ka koi edit aa raha tha asom ka. the hype is real. Thx for the image Abe jordhan troll kr rha hoga jaruri nhi hai virasat hi naam ho are album to hai na. Hizru mtlb kha hota hai be Hizru yaane ki facial symmetry society who are handsome and have a nice physique Achha bruh what is this. Louboutin is a luxury fashion brand mainly known for its signature red-soled shoes. Arjun gawar padhle Kitna ho gya Mere bas 5 chapter bacche hai 7 hogye. That too I will complete 3 right now Krsna if he went to US instead of london And then 2 in the morning cause they are tough and might be important for exam Nice one Un 5 questions wale set me se? 10 chapters to go! ? 10+7 = 20 ? 3 abhi pollution ke audio sun raha hu book ki reading ki. aur phir subah 7 daba dunga aram se. unit 2 hai isliye. im leaving the rest. 👍 meri to row me 4 log baithe hai. chap bhi nahi pata. 😭 nigga inme se bas 5 krne h 😭😂🫵 kal to pura map chapna hai. full dedication se jaa raha hu. Really? Haa Well no problem It doesn't matter It is what it is Bc paper leak hua hai kya ? No Then how did you know ? Anjana maam Anjana? Oh Meri class mae bhi yahi hua hai ig Mae absent tha Ch 20 compulsory hai ? Jaldi batao bhai I have left ch 20 No Mcq ke liye padhle Ok

naya record bana diya behen ne gaali dene ka. har second 2 gaali bak raha hai. spoiler alert: headphone pe sunna. machayenge 4 se zyaada ganda hai. lol, ladkiyo ka dream ladka. I hv seen his suicide video his or her?
its always the aesthetic ladka. Nvm its a diff case In iit patana a final year computer science student committed suicide by cutting off his nerves and then jumping off the 7th floor Meri didi ka senior tha Idk the name i thought they were doing too much for a protest but they are right, actually this is too less. why is that aesthetic wala ladka still roaming free? this is a straight murder.
nice.
feel so bad for him. itna galiya hi raha hai to relationship kis baat ka lol? Done, ab bas mcq ke liye padhna aur maps bacha h Laundiyabaj sala OH FUCK! MAINE NAHI DEKHA VO R HAI. Nah bro you done for End him bruh. sirf number dikh raha hai. using WhatsApp desktop. khud use karke dekh lo. bruh. nice save. KYU KAR RAHA HAI. MAT KAR BHAI PLZ. Nah idc. no probs. let's begin the all out assault Flame him lemme just send "i saw who requested that." Arjun 8k group dekh lmao ARRE NAHI DIKH RAHA THA IDHAR. Aao Lets flame him nice one. "nvm, few of them already have done that" bheju? Nah Guys keep cooking i aint sending anything cus she is there. Nd im sending ss I was thinking the same NOOO. PLEASE. NAHI BHAI PLEASE. i will die. aur drama karo. direct messages likho. seedhe seedhe pata lagna chahiye. Ok nice one. plus points for that. I will tag mala jaiswal and then tell her that he deleted the message because he hates you ok. nice one. but don't tell that i hate her. just the first part of the sentence,. let the tension rise! rr did quadruple entendre in karta kya hai. i sent that reel few days ago. Which 1 nice one. YESS. KEEP GOING. Nah ab zyada ho rha h TAG HER. Bhy uske maa baap dekh liye to dikkat ho jayegi Who? . haa. sahi bola. bas tag karke khatam karo. Tag mat karo let me get some revenge bro. you already forgot about everything? To hum fasenge na Sent a text 7th or 8th dance practice? Check it out OJAS DELETE Nah Pitwayega bhai mat kar. Let the game begin plz. mai itna bura nahi hu. idc. Ok deleted Otherwise I will have to save your ass later That was fun GG guys wait  you literally forgot? Nvm I was gonna but I let it be Cause I gotta study now nice work boys. Boys? Sounds gay Bruh I shouldn't have deleted that message right   ? Yes Nah its fine thanks everyone. now good? Stfu nigga That sounds awkward Still gay + you're having 0 testosterone + you're lonely + you're black im brown. you don't know who black is. this guy from my class. I cooked I knkw Cookd arjun some friends crush. 🤢🤢🤢 Who tf is that Teri waali toh 4 ft ki hai Why her lips purple? She got uranium in those? "cool gal." from school. Ojas cook kr meri wali to hai hi kaha. Radioactive muthatoin in girls these days Crush bhi nahi behen bana liya ? crush hai. aur vo hi hai. try saying something on the group which is an insult to everyone On the 8k group like what? i won't. they all will flood the chat with hate. ik. No Anything I have found the perfect shit Nigga nobody even replies On that group Bata LIKE WHAT? This nope. "mai to seedha sadha ladka hu 😊" Coooooooked I am on a literal streak rn mishika kya soch rahi hogi mere baare me. 😭 Alright enough cooking for today otherwise you guys gonna get diarrhea Hasnt she blocked you nigga? yes. on whatsapp. Well what she thinks about you is irreversible And also she doesn't talk to you anyways bruh, idc. im a hopeless romantic. no expectations from her. i just like killing myself, thinking about her. OJAS ASF: THINGS GAY PEOPLE SAY. I was cooking and cooked well bolega bsdk You Yo Lets just declare him gay in a constitutional style Aka Arjun Vijay Prakash Memorial Gayness Proclamation Act of 2025 Ok By the reading of all these chats for the past 30 mins we have come to the conclusion of declaring Arjun as an official gay and the leader of hijda gang ye to sirf kare baat. jab kare baat to mere bare me kare baat. mere bina toh inke gaane naa chalein khaas. 📜 AMENDMENT 6969: THE ARJUN VIJAY PRAKASH GAYFIRMATION ACT 📜

Hear ye, hear ye, and shut the hell up:
It is hereby declared, carved in stone, stitched into the gay agenda, and whispered into the wind by every closeted boy at his old tuition center — Arjun Vijay Prakash is gay AF.

Not the “a little fruity” gay. Not the “bro I just like pink” gay. No. This man is:

One emotional breakup away from starring in his own indie film.

Built like a tragic Lana Del Rey lyric.

Legally married to drama, but cheating on it with chaos.

The human form of a bisexual lighting filter.

So gay his childhood Beyblade probably had a Grindr profile.


Rights granted:

Supreme control over all group trip playlists (no hetero veto power).

Lifetime immunity from ever being asked “so when will you marry?”

Immediate emergency makeover powers at all house parties.

The right to call anyone and everyone “bestie,” including the Swiggy guy.


Punishments for Denial:
Any attempt to call Arjun “straight” will result in:

Immediate banishment to a straight man’s “crypto and whey” seminar.

Public reading of his old crush texts in Times New Roman size 72.

3-hour forced performance of Super Bass complete with choreo and backup dancers.


Signed & Slayed,
Council of Besties,
Department of Petty Affairs,
Ministry of Drama & Vengeance

Date: 28 February 2025 — Year of Maximum Fruitness

🌈 Long live Queen Arjun. May his wrist never lack a flick. ✨ bina kaam kaaj ye pale-bade, naa bane baap. Read it i dont listen to lana. You're gay so you will Post it on the group Surely fafnair was the best bey in the whole Beyblade burst anime. beat me. We dont beat to gays Hoti inki chaandi par ye toh bas chaahe suna

Hoti inki chaandi par ye toh bas chaahe suna

A double entendre:
1. “Hoti chaandi” as in they would’ve enjoyed the success..“par ye toh bas chaahe Sona” meaning but all they wanna do is sleep.
If intentionally it’s “suna” then it.would mean but I guess they enjoy is suna as in no hustle to get real fans
2. “Hoti chaandi” as in they would’ve enjoyed the silver/success at least… “par ye toh bas chaahe Sona” meaning but they are too fixated over getting just gold – glitz, glamour and how they look. LOOOOOOL. COOKED. null null 28/02/25, 11:04 pm - arjuncodess: Nah delete kar teri pics leak krunga SAY "teri OF channel ki" lol. me so dumb. Realised late but its ok atleast you realised 28/02/25, 11:06 pm - Pratyuush 👽: No you said that  looked like your egg, since when did you start laying eggs? group pe bhej. No the lower eggs Oh so you lay them from lowerbody Interesting You know when people are released from the egg Yeah yeah exactly How many you lay per week? The scrotum You call them scortum? Weird name for your eggs Btw are they available for sale? Nigha learn sex edu Im jokin my nigfa Get that from sperm bank Ik what scortum is Who tf saves their friend's name directly? me. ok bro. very cool. 8k pe bhejde yea. please. Waise ye hai kon lekin This message was deleted One who arjun rejected? Bhejdiya R. . Woh hai null What message did i send bruh? I forgot myself meri vo photo delete kar de. please. Ok

this is living rent free in my head from now. thanks. That part wasnt in the vid ik. arre bhai ye map work kyu hota hai. paper ko dekh ke hi sab bhul gaya. 15 me 5 kiye, 3 sahi honge. 😭 00:08 am hoga na? mera downfall shuru hogya. 😭 sab bas bio, chem aur ai hi mujhe bacha sakta hai. Nigga am nhi lagate 24 hr me Wth This message was deleted mai 12 hour bata raha hu. Laundiyabaji kam karde bhai 00:08 am sahi hai na? 12:08 am 12 hour me
00:08 24 hr me bhai ek hai. vo bhi imagination me hai. bas. isse laundiyabaz kaise prove hogya? Is this fr? are bhai. clock me to 00:08 dikhata hai. fr. Bhai tu sab ladkiyo pe karta hai ask Online bhi lol, no. . jo bhi hai. bio aur chem ka kuch info hai marks ka to bhej do. ab jo hai so hai. Nhi h inka Sudhar ja gaya mai phir. Distractions se dur reh bio aur chem me 75 lane hi padenge. aur ai me 95 minimum. (pichli baar 92 tha) btw bio me pichle baar 95 the mere. 😎 aata hai ye sab. fiitjee ke module me tha. bohot practice ki hui hai. aur tips and tricks de de bhai. 77/100 ban rahe hai geo me. *not bad according to me tbh What ? 5/15. 3 map + 12 mcq + 45 theory + 17 test. 18 test + 14 MCQ + 12 map+ 43 theory 86 86/100 Thought I was failing this time But later discussed it with the others Agar mae kal  ki gand na maar raha hota toh maps aur MCQ mae full a sakte the aur theory mae 2 number aur aajate Waise bhai ye geography toh ab 9th ki hogayi ab toh hum log 10th mae padhenge agar mai tamasha nahi bana raha hota to maps padh sakta tha phirse. but what advantage, vaha pe jake to bhul hi gaya. i was literally "shimmy shimmy ye shimmy ya, i don't know you, you ain't familiar" to all the map work places. 😂

now this is COOL.

this doesn't get old. jay park did the least amount of effort on his verse tbh. my rankings:

1. KRSNA
2. VannDa
3. Awich
4. Masiwei
5. Jay Park DEAR ADITYA sun le bhai. bohot achha hai. didn't expect this from him tbh. its like nishu from Badshah's side. Suna h Badhshah got independent Huge respect for that im doing gsoc this year. fuck the 18+ entry. Kal tak to kuch aur bol rha tha yea, its okay okay.
The wait is worth it. My goat is cooking. What test do you guys have on Monday ? I have my commerce ☠️😭 I have 23 chapters in the course and then four financial statements Financial statements are not a problem but theory is just too damn of a problem I ain't cause mere pehle sae hi 10 chapter prepared hai Shivani ma'am is too op She will literally ask you questions about the chapter each and every day so you will literally have the answer every damn time commerce easy nahi hai mitr if you choose commerce in 11th then think about it 10 times and over Fir ek aur bheji its your reminder to study nigga Ye track purana hai, release abhi hua hai Atleast 6 months purana Krsna's overshadowed them all fr. and btw krsna ke 12 gaane trending pe aagye hai. ek gaane ku hype ki vajah se. 1M views hogye. Ik Ye batao organic me kaha see ayega naming hi to hai course me? alphabetical order me likhna compulsory hota hai kya? Kya chij iupac compunds ki naming. . Agar dono side se chain me 2 or more substituents same position pe ho to ok. . munneyy. A reminder: emperoal formula padh lena bruh that's the simplest of the topics in chem. i belong to this era. 🗿🗿🗿 Same atomic masses likh ke aayenge? Haa bro roasted himself? Pollution me kuch out of course hai? ? call pe aao. thanks. Iski fati kyu padi thi lol. idk. Should i send this on 8k no. . idk. mai pehli baar padhunga isko. Yes Go for it Full support from me kaisa gaya Seedhe mauth and krsna are the best in dhh Yes alkeline pandu sir
Bro this all makes sense Pakka? Listen to 3:59 am by divine itna ganda downfall ho raha hai na. mai mar gaya bhai. 😭😭 Dw, chemistry sabka ganda gaya hai Mere 75 percent above ane chahiye 80 percent ke above ho skta h 2% ka total mai chod ke aaya hu iss baar me. Aaj b chhod diya? Btw computer kabse padhega kaash ek baar map padh kiya hota. kaash ek baar question paper thik se padh liya hota. Mai abhi bio padh rha h7 3 marks ka. practical chem tha. nahi aata tha. Chem kaisa gya me ai/robotics. 😂 60 aajayenge 80 me. Min ya max Max bata max. ☠️ Mere bhi 60-65 min bohot ganda downfall hai bhai. hindi me maine question hi nahi dekha. idk why. 😭 apthit gadyansh sabse easy hota hai. vo chod diya maine. 😭 geo me 10 marks ke map chod diye. 😭 ab 10th me comeback hoga. Hamesha नारी स्तन ke bare me sochega to kya hoga ? Nothing
The beat 🔥 Hope so "agar ye krsna ne gana nahi dala hota na to badhiya jata."

my brain randomly transferring my mistake to him. true. 🔥 Tu allen le rha h na? idk. pehle school to pass kar lu. 🤡 pass hounga ya nahi, vo bhi confirm nahi hai. Its alright no it isn't. Ho jayega bsdk stfu bitch ass nigga gandu laundiyabaj sale Arjun you should check out the dhh community on twitter this time i started studying way early unlike last time. almost started a month earlier. did 4-5 chapters everyday. and this is the result. You will like it manifesting bio me 80/80 marks. Something must hv gone wrong bro i can even share with you my logs. everyday, i used to write in that what i did that day, to keep myself accountable. Lol you did bade ghar ki beti and hydrogen both in 1 day One requires much less time and the other much more vo test ke liye padha tha. Be honest, are you like the 1st term me who doesnt listen to the lectures of the teacher? how do you know? Yeah thats what went wrong Trust me, listening to the teacher is worth it Its not like class 8 Dont do this in 10th They tell really important stuff bruh. mujhe itni gandi 2x, 4x pe sunne ki aadat hogyi hai ki class me itni bhayankar neend aati hai. aadhe time to sone me beet ta hai. ☠️ ok. thanks bro. Bhushra maam bata rhi thi ek din Arjun to bas sota hi rehta hai lol. ☠️ Lol kya, mat kiya kar MAINE 3 KO BUTANE SAMAJH LIYA. 😭😭😭 aur kya hi kar sakta hu mai. 🔥 Inshallah eindia walo nei shajish ki hai, jeetega to hamara mulq hi its been a while, 5th ko exam over ho rhe h, kuch khelega Mere 7 ko khatam honge 7 ko khelunga Ok Bruh send me something to watch about computer our programming course is like the first 21 videos of cwh's 100 days of python course. and its too simple. Same isse questions dekh lena. Use kal ke liye chahiye ye dekh le phir aur kya. its just 7th grade maths. Bhai 2023-2024 wala question paper hai computer ka ? No Abbe yaar 2022 aur 2023 wala paper bahut easy tha Solved it without studying so I wanted to know the pattern for tomorrow's exam and see what kind of questions will be asked Pattern to pura badal gya h 3-4 lallu questions ayenge subjective Fir programming daba ke ayegi
Replies dekho Ojas ye le bio ke 3 aise chapter bata jo sabse zyaada aayenge? Idk Diseases padhle Aur 5 kingdom Looks like bro just jerked off exactly. this is awesome.

if you listen to 852Hz, it literally stops your mind from getting distracted. (kaash ye geo ke paper ke din mil jata)

121M views. More like bro getting a bj ?
nice read. Keep questioning and Mishika will give it to someone else nvm, it was 17th. remember hia hia. Hes in 8th yea yea. wait. you're already home? april is coming. ig your bday is on 12th, right? nice. 11 almost right. hbd in advance. ? These are lyrics or actual messages? lyrics. tantrums by paradox. The message was quite simmilar to the lyrics? but these were exactly the lines. so. Why did she randomly blabbered that So rude the first two lines are exact. just exact. idk. notion dekhna padega. sab likha hai vaha pe Who tf saves this bruh. i have everything. from fights to flirts. EVERYTHING. don't believe me, believe the screenshots. Wth man Btw was it 14 march 2023 or 2024 2023 right? no. it was 13th May 2023. but i ain't talking about that day. this is another thing. i mean, same thing, but i still refused to believe, she hated me. and then on 13th May, GAME OVER. Why did that happen tho idk. "gravity is the warping of spacetime caused by mass and energy" wtf. kitna hua? 2 ch bache h

i now finally get this. you're not human bro. this speed?! Lol sunday aur kal bhi kiya tha kitne kiye aaj? 1st term kal milega na? lol, kal bio ka hai. Ha to? ojas to commerce liya hai na
? Kal commerce ka b h oh, okay then. Dekhte hai Kal ruk Jana Van kae paas Kyuki meri class 10:50 tak chhutti hai Eco hai gn. send computer question paper. April is coming. remember cs50 puzzle day?
man, this is so beautiful. mkc aaj nahi ruke the ? Poonam maam bhaga di thi Pata hai

bruh. what is this 8th grade.

fr. 8k and this one. bruh, vannda is so good. Real Still bruh you should've waited near the dispersal gate And SHE FINALLY CAME ONLINE AFTER A WHOLE MONTH it feels so good to talk to her please bhej de bhai. bhej de bhai. Baad Mae Kal subhe yaad dilana bhej dena. subah mil bhi gaya to kya karunga. finally. it's over. LFG. flash reels:
- image generation ✅
- video info db actions ✅
- upgrade to next.js 15 ✅
- captions generation ✅
- video generation 🚧 (wip)

day 1: back to code. guess what? lashcurry won mtv hustle 4. listen to sanatan by yashraj. I lost my virginity today Wtf Not to a girl Lol aaj bhi mummy padhayi krne ke liye daat rhi thi I fucked a whole team of 11 Got them all on their knees Scored 5 goals against them There are 3 teams in SAI A team the best team - I am in this team But we all are having exams so we are out of business currently only I am in the team B team second best C team the worst so freshers are in this team I had to play with the C team today against a strong team And then I soloed the whole team But yet they mocked me So I abused their manager And now have a 2 match ban 😭 Note the other team was the A team of their club So yeah it was C team against A team And yet A team won I even did Calma "Nothing is eternal, loug badal hee jaate hain
Aur aisa bhi nahi ke jaan ke sab karna chahte hain
I feel a little sad about it anyways, already
Ke khayalo may bhi tere sab ke baad aa rahe hain"

this is gold. aleemrk. 🗣 You hv bought the others????? Only chapter 1 is free ok. > hardcore rap
> poppy playtime 1

ending the day now. *after this. ill journal my experience here too. first time tbh playing something like this. bhai this is so creepy. starting me hi dara ke rakh diya hai. MUJHSE NAHI HOGA. Bruh Poppy playtime se dar gaya? bhai mai granny nahi khel pata hu. ye dur ki baat hai. it's not like a single time i have beat the game. You know  will shit his pants while playing granny ch 1 Bro didn't beat the game even in peaceful mode ☠️ there is a peaceful mode? barca won against sl benfica with 10 men Sczczesny turned into prime neuer Forget him did you watch Alisson Becker in PSG vs Liverpool? Yep Bro was on something different Both keepers turned into walls I dont know what barca is gonna do in 2nd leg But we don't know football more than flick You saw the madrid derby ? Bengali boy showed everyone why he is one of the best right wingers in the whole world And bruh Valverde is a perfect definition of a captain He supports the team in all aspects Be it defence or offence Yep Valverde is amazing Brahim diaz is good when it comes to clutching And mendy vision is good Brahim is too underrated Fr Yep, this is the scariest part i think The giant doll in the middle of the hall? YES. he's gone./ i am finding the stones rn. or whatever these are called. 3 got em. Wait... Wait for it... haa, i have seen. then that huggy wuggy comes running after you. right? There is more nigga Chapter 1 is the scariest In the series Tf will he do in this im gonna buy a gaming laptop on my birthday any reccomendations? buy pc. Around 60k Nah, i also have to use it on bed And some times guests come they live in my room So i can use it somewhere else ye baat meri mummy ne to na suni thi. bruh, this is some nice, scary thing. lost in the first 10 seconds. trying again. i won! the chase is over. the box was used for breaking the path, right? Since when did you start gaming Waise exam khatam hogaye Mere aaj hi hue hai done. too easy. any other horror game? idk. downloaded this and played. nothing much. ? Idk I dont play horror games I havent played games in a while 1. Buy pc
2. Thodi der me laptop bhej rha Opt 2

LFG. Lol padhayi karne ke liye daat kha rha hu. 07/03/25, 10:24 pm - arjuncodess: koi bata de dono me se. thanks in advance. I would go for escape room ok, thanks. lol, maine socha hai ki ab se roz game khelunga. day 1 pe hi better feel ho raha hai. Us Kitni der per day? min 1 ghanta. Average bata itna socha hai. aaj 0.8 hours tha shayad. pata nahi. kal se roz 1 ghanta khelunga. Sirf story games khelega idk. jaisa man kare. ab lag raha hai ki pehle kyu nahi khelta tha mai. An hour of pure enjoyment, free from all the worries pc ke paise vasoolne ke liye khel raha hu, baaki ye to side quests hai. Buy the tuff or victus they are the best in this range Both are in my cart "Tumhare jaisa dost I wish bhagwaan sabko de ..... pata nhi kyun but mai tumhare
love care ki value hi nhi kar payi"
~ EVERYTHING.pdf

17th March, 2023. Bro still reflecting on past 😂 its only been 666 days. Bro gonna become an archaeologist and find these in forms of manuscripts Isn't 666 the number of devil or some shit ? It is the number of beast don't. Bro thinks she was the one but all she thought of you was someone random Like bruh move on already A woman can't break a man or perhaps you are not a man ? ? don't cook. i was talking about exactly this. Cringe Arjun gmat dene gaye ho? Meri maam call karke pareshan kr rhi j H* mera 10 tareek ko hai. playing this rn. shareh, jani and savage are fr the ta, ty and jj47 of the future. shikwa is a S tier song. fight me. i just came home from the pitch And i scored a bicycle kick today Feeling like 2023 haaland But i landed om the back of my head 😖

this shit so awesome. gotta recreate this. 👍 we do acrobatic shots practice everyday so it is normal Try landing on your side To reduce impact Yeah but im a fullback so i never did it I am a CF Tukka thha but still goal is goal I have been forced to play as fullback due to my physicality, pace, aggression and passing I wish i could have played on the wing or midfield atleast I am good at close dribbling can easily pace out back wingers and high shooting power plus accuracy plus large field vision so I am a CF Being a striker is boring for me All I have to do is do tap ins CF me kaise khelte ho? False 9? Kinda the formations are tricky I sometimes have to play as a CAM and a lw Aswell Basically ur playing like false 9 messi rn To cover for weak spots of the team Btw what are your weaknesses as a footballer This message was deleted On the pitch Mere case me, jab me dribbling krte hue jaada aage a jata hu to meri vision tham si jati hai I guess being too exhausted with no adrenaline to support is my biggest weakness Otherwise I read the play according to the flow Endurance problem meri to nahi hai CF is tiring I can play 3 games of 90 minutes straight with no breaks, infact the more i plau the better i get So is fullback You have to deal with counters if you go help in attack like me You have to dribble pace out everyone do 360 analysis and then also score goals Yeah My playstyle is like alphonso davies Good in both defence and offense I am average at defence but my attack is a total different story I generally play like Valverde Can go to defence anytime I feel like it I am thinking of getting the ps5 pro after my 10th boards as my gift I played gow ragnarok yesterday and the ghost of Tsushima both are top notch Defending me mainly you need a strong body, good awareness and timing for tackles, good in clearance both grounded and aerial On Ps5? Yep Waise rangnarok pe ek anime bhi hai Its filled with gore according to a weeb in my class I always defend with the help of my pace I defend with both pace and physicality It is record of ragnarok and it is a great anime Dekhi hai tumne? nudge kar diya karo.
i almost forgot today.
thanks. About humans fighting gods for them to not cease to exist Han Kara thha Achha I have watched over 150 animes Dekhlunga baad me Not the bad ones Bluelock dekhi hai? Like reincarnated as a washing machine now I watch my step sister get fucked everyday Yep Wtf is that title for an anime And does that actually exsist? I inspire my playing style from two football series one is supa striker and the other is blue lock I just made that up But it may be a hentai Ohk Idk Lemme see Nah doesnt exsist If you want some nice anime recommendations then drop me a comment You can watch death parade It is such a goat anime I don't watch anime I enjoy them so I won't be called a weeb Chal bye Ok Ill do it I literally saw a 50 year old guy wearing jjk oversized tshirt What type of animes do you like But Genre? Sci fi martial arts some fantasy Isekai sports and many more Ok Ill do it later If you want to watch in sci fi then watch 86 the escape house is a good one.

lol.

🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥

🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 my class teacher in 10th will be Anjana ☠️ I am partly good with it and partly sad Mine is aparna maam You are done for chigga Fr But better than that Malhotra Shivani ma'am was the best I copy pasted But Anjana is also cool Sab kr rhe the To maine bhi kr diya With bakchodi and stuff so I don't mind her Ok Bkl abbse har roz mila jayega 10th mae Firr hoyegi bkc ik. ki toh Stuti hi hai idk. Kyu M ki Geeta Acharya hai He is taking allen Ek floor pae hi saari classes hai Nice Same me Change ho sakta hai ? Wait so i think aparna maam nhi hongi meri Cuz im taking allen I mean he has paid 4 lakhs for it Yeah you might get S aswell Aakash is not there for 10th. Cause that is the special section I believe allen ka confirm hai? Aakash sucks O2 ki class ki Jyoti Rai hai I believe they have the same class teacher Le chuka hu admission Ek sec FIITJEE ki ma chud gayi ? haa. Also you're capping you thought it was real? Obviously Nah He aint got any bitches

bro casually pulling out the best beat he's made till now. Who said that?

its crazy how open this 17yo is. call utha le. Match khelne Gaya tha I scored that weird Mbaape goal today Who tf were on the call ? Volley From below knee area and no involvement of the foot ye bata ? kuch nahi. ek plan karna tha. nvm. Thae kon-kon And what was the plan meri class ke hi the. bruh, i refuse to believe awich is a widow and mother of one. India won Patake phod ke aaya hu

bro cooked. please. forgive everyone and just listen to this for once. you all gotta hear shameless by Mr. Bali I forgot to mention it before but I listened to it on the day it was released And use headphones for this one Suna h Kaisa laga ? haa. dekha tha. ruko sunta hu. 10/03/25, 5:32 pm - Pratyuush 👽: Kyu suna rha h bandi ka rr hi hoga wtf? no. its art. 2021 me these guys cooked. Yep Sydney Sweeney is a total hottie so that means that he wants to eat her panties ofc. from all the trolls i can say that easily. so he wants to eat fabric? or cloth in general? no sense. asf: chalo tweet karte hai. Iski bandi h na? Fr haa. shayad. Thx

aaj finally pata chala. Why do you always spot girls first ? nice one. she's krsna's gf as per some sources, but he doesn't accept it. just a thing i wanted to share, nothing else. Krsna kitne saal ka hai ? 37 i saw this on reddit. the story - the high pitched guy people are making fun of was being bullied by him from some time so yea. Sounds like pedo Bruh the high pitched guy could've eaten the guy so no way he got bullied But if this is true then I bro should build some strength as per his size vo nida merchant bhi 30 ki hai. maine literally mv nahi dekha tha. but i was right about dee mc.


great. mix it up with memory and sync her with a database. modify her voice to sound girly and flirting. and here you have it. your own girlfriend. wait. i remember something. tomorrow. will do. 🤫 ff already has a character named alok. iska craze ekdum peak 2020-21 me tha. fir declined. fun fact: send tweet. Search krle raju_innocentev Btw krsna x awich ek aur song confirm h Ban chuka h Hi ik. .

wtf man, this is SAT?

cooked them.

its done. *almost. please check it out and create a video

sounds good. ALOK X $. I dont have insta just open it. you can view it still ig.

need this collab.

ta, and ty are okay. but jokhay is on just another level. No . Brroooo bloodywood is on literal fire lemme check. can you try again? Baadme need $2 flashreels.xyz is there on namecheap for 88% off. *85% that too on first year. ? wo video bhejna jo bahut OP thi Backend wali 1 month pehle bheja tha tube Tune* Listen to some of their songs and you will find out psg knocked liverpool from UCL lol Every GK in their prime rn bhej raha. yt pe search karle Marc Lou 3 hour course. usne bas ek hi course dala hai mil jayega. Yeah Barca qualified too I watched both matches Ai wala? ek hi to hai. Usme backend hai? Ave mujhe api sikhna hai it has everything you need to open a saas. Kiski saas SaaS = software as a service. What is this 30 mins in typescript is a language built on javascript with type support.
now it uses go, another language used for its "fast-ness." nice. its great right? gimme your GitHub id.
where is the commit then? Yes Ata hai, nahi kiya Ik, what is tsgo and its 10x faster already. agrimownerofarjun ☠ Funny ahh 👴🏿🤙🏿 Maara jayega 🤙🏿 kaha pahuche? 37 you were literally at 30 at 3 pm. its 5 pm now. I dont sit at the computer all day like you or its just a "skill issue"? "yaha ek kala dusre ko kala bol raha hai"
we all who he is talking about. emiway and king. where at now? Female representation chahiye harjas dega Fees me baby oil wig aur ek burger lega ye kaisa hai guys? 12/03/25, 9:26 pm - Pratyuush 👽: arjun bata Idk, im also going to buy one so also give me some recommendations Im buying a mac Macbook air m4 Why? This is the best windows one i could find Price? Flex + i hv pc for gaming 1 lakh 10 thousand Wasting money, get a new phone instead Get a s25 Or s24 Mere gharwalo ke paas hai In dono me se koi bhi lele Expirience se bata raha hu achhe hai Good phones bruh. phone pe itna kyu spend karna hai? buy a full fledged pc. Haa woh to hai But uske paas to hai Pc Mummy pc se mana kr rahi hai Macbook bas coding ke liye use krunga laptop le le fir. lekin phone pe itna mat spend karna. its not worth it tbh. Hmm U can code on pc but Obv Aise to mere pas pehle se pc h Laptop pe kon gaming krta h? Why are you spending money Matlab pc hai to uspe code karo New macbook ki kya need hai Offer mila hai to obv lunga wait wait wait. tumhare paas paise zyaada ho rahe hai to idhar de do thode. You can buy a game instead buy a mac mini. attach to an external monitor. Arjun did you extend our friendstreak On duolingo yea. Meri 50 day ki streak ho gayi btw nice. meri 150 tomorrow. Kakkoi Tf is that Macbook m4 air Kaisa hai ("Cool" in japanese) 💩 ye batao Kaisa hai achha hai tbh. . this is almost my pc spec tbh. sounds good to me. Ok How did you hear it? 12/03/25, 10:03 pm - arjuncodess: *seems 37, kal karunga you too do this. we can collaborate on another project then. Js? Or python Or another language js. What a match it was today Yea no shit sherlock Yeah Amazing kitne ka? Papa ne select kiya. 48 48k? wtf. No 4800 Obviously 48k what font is that btw. looks gorgeous. Isk Idk actually the best one is geist and it's the best looking. would be the sydney sweeney of fonts. as described by Ojas. One ui 7? Samsung Did you get the fe series ? Or M series Pixel 9 pro is also good from my experience But Samsung s25 ultra is packed with features iPhone 16 pro Max is not that great but it has some of the most attractive features A A56 Nigga mines below 50k Bruh I was just stating how real reviews sound not like those influential reviews Tbh iQOO makes the best budget flagship phones Just check neo 13 pro It has specks like 12 gb ram 512 gb storage (extendable) snapdragon elite inbuilt cooling system proper esport experience and bruh the camera is made by some sony thing so that is top notch aswell Ik allen le rha h? Bas 10 log h section me most prob. nice nice. 19 march se classes start h ik. Bruh papa ne 256 gb 12 gb vala liya hai 💀 sahi to hai? mere me 64 gb hai, roz kuch na kuch clear karna padta hai. 😭 Rog has 16 gb ram sometimes I wonder tf they want? trying to get a literal pc on a mobile or something mfs give 1 tb storage and that is also then expandable Overkill hai True 64 gb is more than enough for me For the price it is over kill Me too I still have a samsung j8 My first phone And it still has 32 gb free space 24 gb in my old phone Brush 256 gb ka karunga Kya Mai? Autocorrect Bruh* Download the whole corn website in 4k ☠️ Hat Iska camera aur display next level hai bro Sound b It should have the Dolby Atmos feature if I am not wrong Thx for remjndjng On krdiya Yep Now try it Konsa mode Does it support 4k Get your preference my nigga Yes Check the gaming features Gaming wise okay okay phone h Which gen snapdragon? Baki chijo pe zyada cutting edge h Lol snapdragon nhi h Koi ajib aa h This message was deleted It is fine Codm max graphics pe chala lega but Pretty good but fps matters My phone runs it on 120 fps Which 1 iQOO z7 pro I don't game on others They are just there Single speaker Probably serve as the cameras Yeah Its a great phone But Idgaf about it cause I am always on the headphones when using the phone Ik It has proper esports mode Ikr Iqoo is goated Shoots videos at 4k with 60 fps Ik Neo 7 pro is the most iconic in iQOO but neo 13 pro just steals the spotlight with snapdragon elite Iqoo 13 is the best True Budget wise Under 60 k people tend to go towards samsung fe series A56 is good Yep for the range it is good Yes Bruh the Xbox console in 2027 is too goated Not only it has its exclusive but also ps exclusive Ps gotta be ready with the ps 6 otherwise they will face a major loss And bruh the fuck happened to gta 6 If they are releasing it this year then they must've given a specific date by now
The time his moustache was removed I got that terrorist vibe from him Rockstar is too lazy Btw invest in rockstars parent company stocks I think Mere papa ke pas hai s25 Its good phone Mummyka s24 hai woh bhi achha hai Xbox is great, the only thing holding it back is the lack of many big titles W W Playstation is better Yes Xbox is a fridge that heats On paper, xbox hardware is better. But games are MUCH more optimized with ps, making it faster Xbox store and gamepass kinda sucks Yes, ps5 comes with rtx 2080 Playstation plus is so much better Fr I love this phone already Samsung? Konsa hai A56 Ohk Its good? Its gr8 Xbox still hold my childhood favourite games like halo and forza And minecraft is great as always I have played on both xbox and ps and I can say that ps is leagues better than xbox it's crazy how i didn't even know these things existed before last year. This message was deleted This message was deleted Bro used to play halo Wallpaper kaisa h nice.

🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣

see this. I did and trust me it was worth it At first I didn't understand the story but now I know what went down Bro enjoyed halo 😂 Ok enjoying isn't the word It was tough happy holi people. Happy holi SM holi track. shazam pe search karo konsa gaana hai. Happy Holi my niggas may this holi fill your skin with other colours rather than black Same same. achha hua coconut oil laga ke gaya tha. pura pakka rang chut gaya. Soch samajh ke type kiya kar bhai. ? Bro still plays ff 😂 Mae nahi laga kae gaya tha Aur mere pakke rang ki 6 layers lagi hai Silver pura hat chuka hai Gold thoda baaki hai Gulaabi pakka abhi bahut bacha hai Kala wala chhut gaya Purple wala sirf hathon pae bacha hai Aur green wala kaanch wala tha Woh chhut gaya lekin hath kat gaya Played tug of war 3 Round and won all the three Bacho ko kichad mae fek diya Haa ye to maine bhi kra wdymb silver and gold? Tumhe nahi pata Yae sab colours aate hai Tumne Aaj Tak acche sae Holi kheli nahi Hum logo kae wahan toh t shirts aur shirts phadi gayi thi laundo ki Even after washing all my colours I am still more covered by colour mere colony me koi dost hi nahi hai. so bas bhai bhai khele the. Mae toh krishna nagar tak aaya tha Holi khelne koi leak na karna. 🤫 nice bhai. Holi kae dinn hum log chapri ban jaate hai puure

acche gaane ko bekar kar diya award do isko. 😭 Who tf is this nigga boi ? khushi. Same Silver paint ke naam pe maine metal paint karne wala color use krdiya Hum logo kae wahan engine oil use hua hai We used engine grease There is a black gooey substance was also used And some niggas used mehendi

SM. Oneui>>>>>> yea its good. kaha pahuche? Ghar

koi ise peet kyu nahi raha? sab logo ko chad jana chahiye tha, isko bhi maar hi dete, konsa loss ho jata? its all fun and games until you have to reply to it. Samsung is doing really good with the ai in its new phones Samsung is actually innovating

why? 2:04 made me cry. bruh wtf this isn't even sad. Galaxy AI Its superb Made life a lot easier Gemini in pixel is also good af Lol 1st and 2nd the contrast fr. it feels so good that hanumankind is finally getting the attention he deserved. mujhe teri aankho ne maara hua hai
dil mera hara hua hai 🎶 Let the game begin let's go bc kuch bakchodi karo Kya bolu Agrim se pucha h Woh wala message hata kae kuch aur likho Kaho kiske liye NAHI BHAI. KYUUU. Happy Holi bhai ok. thanks btw. Done 14/03/25, 10:43 pm - arjuncodess: i mean go on. its fun to see this. what do i do? Hi Bolde mishika ke liye hell no. Go for it Do it Just reply with a gif Ab zindagi hai cigereate bhejne wala tha but nvm tum meri dua'on mein jab roz rahi ho
zindagi me phir kyu na reh saki tum? 🎶 iska bhi ss daaldo Tu daal Nahi, maine naam ajeeb save kiya hai tum krdo roz mere khwaabo me jab has rahi ho aa ke
aankhon se meri phir kyu beh rahi tum? 🎶 Maine bhi i summon you dekho, aise na satao ki sach me maar hi daalo
mai khud ko tum pe khud luta du jo tum bas pyaar se mango

daagh hai tujhme bhi, phir bhi tum mere raat ka chaand ho
manzil tak le chalu tumhe mai, tum mera saath jo mango 🎶 ajnabi sa ye ehsaas hai
badnaseebi na tu saath hai... 🎶 What up? Ye sab 8k pe bhej Ss daalde Hum logo ne naam ajeeb save kara hai Nah Lemme cook Cooked I COOKED. this alif = me. so it makes sense actually. Repeat after me now You can't cook better than me And even if you can I will eat what you cook WHAT DO I REPLY? TELL ME FAST!!! Mahip bolde arjun mahip bolde Bro 😂 Cook lol. my nigga and black body radiation. ☠ Should i reply, "some sahai idk" bro. ☠ No Cooked again Ojas bhai 💀 Yes bolde arjun BRUHHHHH. TF IS THIS. say "yes i need sahaiyta" WHAT DO I EVEN REPLY. Likhde, i need sahaiyta so bad "yea, need sahaiyta so bad." Pickup line de raha hai Followed by "🥺" ye bhej du? Bsdk tharki samajh legi Haan fr. kya bolu? Pickup line kam case alag ho jayega sale BRUHHHHHH. Likhde, class 8th me miljati to beneficial rehta DAMNNNNNN. Cooked ? Again fr bro. you god. Think of some reply asf 14/03/25, 11:00 pm - arjuncodess: what do i even reply??? 14/03/25, 11:00 pm - arjuncodess:  BROOOOOOO. I am hungry for some fun today TF YOU DOINGGGGGGG. WHAT DO I REPLY? PLEASE BRO. DELETE IT. PLEASE. PLEASE BRO. Deep sea creature shore pe agaya lagta hai Just say yes Please help me get sahaiyta thanks. sent. I meant this by the text HAAAAA. Pakka? Baadme randi rona mat karna REPLY TO PARI THAT "TERI TO CLASS ME HAI" make it obvious. Nah ojas this is obv now yes, exactly. I don't cook on your level I cook infinity and beyond vo mai album sunte sunte karunga yaha thode na rounga. Uski dp dekhega? Naa jane kitne saalo se nahi dekhi hogi Nahi lagayi hai ussne Lemme check once "its like a part 2 of a relationship. after the breakup part ofc." reply thik hai? This message was deleted I also have her number + cigerrate Saved it as Mishika message number in 7th You may not see it cause you're not saved in her contact listmaybe I see Leave it, arjun itna desperate hai that he will beat to the photo Thats not how it works bruh . I dont think you understood it Cooked again wtf broo. NOOOOO. Wait lemme cook what do i even reply to that? Deep fried this time TFFF. Saved you nigga NO.. DELETEE THIS WTF BHAI. That was worse to be honest PLZ. bruh you killed me this time.. please. thanks,. pehla message vapas bhej de, thik tha. Nah Akshita ki photo bhejta thha arjun mujhe aur caption me likhta thha "😍🥰" Cause knowing myself I will accelerate it even further maybe lol. In class 6 fr. bruh, stop it. null What did he say "With akshita?" lol. was like a comeback tbh. but a bad one. too bad one. actually the worst one. "Just like yours?"
"With akshita?" akshita ko mat la. plz. The deleted messages respectively Me to pari ko bata raha bhook lagi hai, cook karna bro. happy 672nd day. Wait lemme smell the ingredients first So that I can serve fresh ye wale message ko crop karo. aur bolo ye morning me kyu bheja tha. Since breakup? vo 672 wala. yes. may 13th. Its gonna be 2 years in some time 2 months. What was the year of this  ? 1939-1945 🙋‍♂️🇩🇪 bruh okay, good one. In which year did this Mishika break up thing happen 2023 ? Quick 14/03/25, 11:19 pm - OG Ojas: Abbe jaldi batao may 13. Year nigga ? 2023. tabhi to 2nd year hone wala hai. K now a dish is coming up wash your hands so that everyone can eat healthy Youre actually typing ".", or there is some feature on your windoss device? that day, we took a picture. it was the first and last day i came for the summer break and stuff. im actually typing that. muscle memory of writing blogs idk. COOKED! AWESOME. reply karo saari info extract kar le. what does that mean? I already know all of it who was wrong then? if i was, don;t reply. I read half and its boring, 10min rapid revision nahi hoga? Instagram is the platform in which people post racist stuff so it is common to find all those memes about Hitler which also provides basic knowledge about him ? in the relationship or whatever was it. if i was, don;t reply. None were wrong she was not interested and you got the wrong idea about her being interested in you she was. just earlier. and idk what clicked that off. Who said she wasnt? here comes the source. She told that to me and plaksha It was obvious my nigga Arjun ne hag diya hoga pakka You don't understand do you ? Jisse ye hogaya haa fr. leave it bro. Remember me and Akshara didn't even make eye contacts in 7th some other time will discuss. She was nothing to me and I was nothing to her Then one random day she approached me And that is when we started Sometimes I got the idea that she was not interested in me Idk, she told me about it on text once that what you did, i cant find the message tho But I didn't distance myself from her (Galti se ekbar whatsapp delete hogaya thha) But in the end we both were there for eachother WTF BRO. YOU LOST THAT MESSAGE? . Attention se related thha And now as for situation with Arjun this nigga distanced himself from her So she got the wrong idea zikar bhi kya usse bhalla mera
usse rishta hi kya raha mera
aaj mujh ko bohot bura keh kar
aap ne naam to liya mera 🎶 got it. Abe tumko bheja thha ss maine shayad The main theme of the half done relationship was misunderstanding ik that. Shinomiya-Shirogane type thing ? Kuch nahi When Akshara was there for me it was my duty to be with her in whatever comes her way and that is how our bond grew Arjun tere paas sare texts to preserved honge? Just from one day of understanding her I was able to get her for life continue this chat, please. this is learning for me. i gotta go sleep. haa. yes, i have already tried asking for signs from ai. dont ask me that. Premium thha? yes, i have tried cloning her behavior, doesn't work well. Ya fir free one? don;'t ask that as well. Wtf? ai gf in simple terms.\ But who tf cares about relationships in bois groups so cheer up my niggas don't go head over heels for a beach Yeah 💪 thanks for the real talk, broski. Arjun chhodo usko,  ke liye gay banjao Beaches come beaches go what matters is the bikni present on them 🥁 I have a girl nigga kab tak leke chalu seene mein ye bojh me
bina nashay k bhi rehta hun madhosh mai
kho raha hosh mein dooba gehri soch me
badalta thikaanay jese hu Khana Badosh mai 6 feet one? Bro she is not 6 feet bruh, this is so good. KHANA BADOSH is too good of an album. yea. 😂 Taller than the average woman She is not even taller than me at this point 5'7 ig she once hugged me for your notice. Taller than the average man Nothing she kissed me on the cheek and irl outside of class. bruh, ojas and o2 look like tom and Zendaya. Kyu jala raha haj usko keep talking shit bro. 😂 Bro she is barely taller than me now More like tooth paste and tooth brush you know im talking about o2, right? Apsara pencils? akshara. I understand cause the way I will put paste in her bush one fateful night byee all. thanks! good night. BRO. ☠ bus line me bataya thha isne apni crush ka naam India ain't ready for my humour Fuck Samay what was shocking is thag ojas ki crush thhi lol Han Samay to randi jokes marta hai ab bas Usse bhi pehle mujhe instagram pe bataya thha I was a Sigma boi Han Samay raina ab unfunny hogaya Ek time pae toh jab dono relationship mae aagaye the tab bhi bataya tha na ? Haan Mae aur Akshara do dinn kae liye relationship mae the Better than arjun But then decided to drop it im talking about o2 here. and ain't lying. So she ain't my ex Hugging is normal my nigga ohk. Kissing one on the cheek ain't normal and she did that to me As friend wala kiya hoga Remember when we had the games period and she asked for me to come over we were almost for half a year from my perspective. idk from her perspective. Distance matter krta hai That was when this kiss happen One sided love story vaise to abhi tak hu. Uski 2 days aur 2 sided thhi So you aint gonna cheat on her now? byee. thanks all again. good night. We are still in that thing but don't show it toanyone mujhe nahi lagta koi aur milegi bhi. Muslim hai kya? have you seen my fcking face for gods sake? Nah Usse beheter tumhare liye? It is just that we don't like to socialize this topic So we just ignore it Uske alawa bhi bahut chize hoti hai . Completely got no personality bro. no deep voice. no chaudi chati. no handsome hair. Koi baat nahi, ye group hai na bakchodi krne ke liye Well whatever I am going to scroll on my racist app Sometimes, i come to soft porn in my racism app. Any way to fix it? actually.  got everything in the list. and hence, his girl. hence proved. Wth do you mean ? Restrict it and type on the not interested Option It will appear later on after 30 days So you gotta repeat the same It can't be helped You can also fix that Start shampooing 2-3 times a week And take baths regularly and twice in summers Cause you stink nigga And start hitting the gym 2-4 times a week And follow a good diet with foods that promote testosterone Thats it anything else to be added? Help this poor man out Well lemme share what I do to maintain all this The voice part is the only thing I can't help with So to get nice hair you first of all gotta grow your hair out and then afterwards get a haircut which perfectly fits you This is what I did throughout 7th and 8th and that is why I looked like a boiled egg all the time but now it is worth every bit of it Shampoo your hair with 2 shampoos one to remove all the dirt and oil and second should be the one which will remove dandruff and provide nutrition to your hairs For skin don't eat the outside food eat healthy eat fruits every day I eat fruits salad every day it includes apple banana pineapple grapes pomegranate and also oats with curd Avoding sugar helped me Yeah Saturated sugar is bad For sweet stuff, i also consumed fruits Working out is important but Steam your face and then remove the extra oils and those pimples with the help of a suction pump 50% of glowup comes from there Then wash your face with a nice cleanser (Cetaphil) Cetaphil is good for oily skin? 100 % Tumhari dry hai ki oily? Oily and way too much oily Same You have to prepare a face pack of sandalwood powder and multani mitti and mix them with rose water Apply it to your cleansed skin and leave it for 15 mins Arjun shall take notes And shampoo every 2 days for example if your shampooed on Sunday then shampoo on Tuesday then Friday then Monday like this About your body and all that You gotta eat protein Protein is the only thing that will help you 0.8-2.2g/kg of lean mass Good for skin too Well generally I do intermediate fasting which involves not eating anything for the whole day and then eating healthy at night to my stomach's fill Then I cycle for 10 km everyday Play football for 2 hours I just bulk during winters and then cut in summers Cutting fat is extemely easy for me even abdominal one. In 2021 I was fatter than Mahip Takes like 2 months + my bulk is clean But in 2022 I changed myself For cardio, i play football and swim 🗿 I was skinnier than
1/2 of arjun My waist measurement is 30 can you even imagine it My chest is 45 inch And my chest is 48 Aur arma ka pata hai bas Idk maybe less or more I don't know to be quite honest My arms are 16 inch and 15.5 inch (R L) Sahi hai Mine are bigger than yours so probably 18 inches or something My bodyfat is around 11% I started skinny so... Mine is 14 % maybe not sure about it I have left some mass in order for proper height growth and stuff Tumhara weight kitna hai? 55 kgs Mine is 54 During bulks, its 58 And bro forgot to mention Get a masculine neck With hollow cheeks and high cheekbone density How do i achieve that? My cheecks arent hollow even on low bodyfat Tumhare bhi to cheecks hollow nahi hai Good hair Start debloating your cheeks It is just in the photo Midnight hair always hit hard And I don't need that Physique check? Later Ok I first gotta shave the damn body I am so high on testosterone Feels like I alone have all the testosterone fromthe south korea I shave body hair regularly so im good How do you do that ? I think I should get the body hair removal spray My dad gifted my a trimmer set which has different blades for different purposes Haa kar skte ho Trimmer ki battery ki dikkat hai But agar bahut lambe baal to pehle trim krna Hmm Scissors hongi Usne chhote krna fir spray use krna Han but baal khich jaate hai I think I will trim Better 60 mins Tak chalta hai in one full charge Mine lasts for days Phillips ka hai Mine is also of phillips Tumne sasta wala liya hoga 1200 wala tha Achha Chalo gn, kal baat krta hu 12:30 is sleep time K good night my nigga I will be sleeping by 1:30 send pfp. Nuh uh you are a real one bro. 🫵🫡 i just want a girl who codes, idc how she looks or whatever. macintosh paritosh. 🤣🤣🤣 is the 🤣 or the 😂 emoji outdated or seen like a boomer emoji these days? i don't see it anywhere. just the skull and sob emoji everywhere. 😂 funny 🤣 What? nabeel akbar's voice and writing is so good. Nigga you just want a girl, you do care how she looks Simp final boss Get him gorlock the destroyer Ye kya h Aaj kuch khelega agrim Kya Tu bata Dupeher me khelunga you wanna join in? She is extremely obese prolly weighing 300 kgs You know he wont ayega 9th session end me ek baar to banta hai null what? Were gonna play multiplayer games together You want to join? what game? Not decided rn Kya cheez khelna hai ? Let's play codm or something else I can't use my pc rn My father doesn't allow games Ok Sure 12 baje? Ok Not 12 maybe 3 baje If that is alright Else I will try to be online at 12 Ok Agrim 12 baje roblox khelte 3 baje ojas ke sath khel lenge Ya minecraft Ya kuch or Minecraft mobile hai tum logo kae paas ? Codm Khelte hai Ok 3 baje Tumhari ranks master ke uppar hai na I don't push rank anymore Ig I am at pro I was once legendary 5 Idk maybe the game wont let us play Lemme push my rank I stopped playing im veteran XD Lol Push it now Elite aa gya Pro kr lunga 3 baje tak what is your rank In codm If it is master 5 then we can play Aao sath mae push karee 8 min ruko breakfast jrke aa rha Ok online aajana Request bhej dena Warlockshadow pae vo kehte "mohabbat wahi jisme aashiq bichad jaate rehte na saath" 🎶 Aja Ruko Aao ladu bomb Hat sale Aarha Abe map download jo rhe h 5 min rukja Ok Abhi karke dekh Han Nahi ho raha Rejoin karo Abhi bhi nahi ho raha Hat yr Mai download kar rha Tum khelo Mae baad Mae online aaunga ab Tum tab tak rank push karo Grandmastsr 1 sendwishonline.com law student breaking the law. 😂 Lol Ig I won't be able to play today as I am going out for some work Ok no prob Baadme kabhi Abe to kya khele Roblox Abhi to mai bhi bahar jaunga, 3 baje batata hu this ~15k streams EP is so good it deserves at least a mili streams.


😂 i started to take creatine L Nigga creatine is good Its not a steroid Still an L move Desi ghee >>>> Maine galti se kharid liya lekin, ab order cancel nahi hua To ab use kr raha hu 40 days tak chalega, agar achha hua to fir use karunga 👍 I like to scramble eggs in desi ghee Nice Homemade ghee > ultraprocessed refined oil Yes i built my father's portfolio and its better that my own 😭 The font is trash I don't take any supplements Inconsistents lagri h bahut Just surviving on raw nutrients Domain kharida hai??? Btw 1 hr 9 mins in Monohydrate one and which flavour ? W Same I don't eat non-veg so my diet consists of paneer,soya chunks,rajma,chola,green veggies and can't forget dry fruit smoothies I eat all kinds of vegetables And also use products such as tofu Tofu is good to be quite honest Lmao 1 meal of chicken and you are free from all that Ik But I can't just do that There are alternatives so I prefer them Mae jab gym jaunga tab protein powder aur creatine lunga tumne gym join kar liya kya ? Tum bata rahe the na Wellcore monohydrate I use both plant and animal based protien Mango flavour hai shayad Tropical tango 500 rupee ka thha sasta thha 100g soya har din khane se gyno hojata hai kya No Tum jane to wale thhe 11th me jaoge kya? Yes haa. papa ke paas hai, godaddy pe. agle mahine tak live hoga. Me bhi soch raha thha 11th me jane ka nice. +1 Subscription hota h na? You eat tofu? Yearly hota hai haa? Never tried it haa. rakha hai papa ke paas. tum log bhi bata do design wise kaisa hai. nice find. thanks. ekdum pixel perfect banaya hai iss baar. Btw, idk why but the site kinda looks very amateur bruh, you would not believe i go on dribbble.com, search for minimal portfolio and just copy paste a good ui from there. 🤫 just copying itself is hard. wtf. built in 1 day. it's pixel perfect to the design, im sharing it. Shadows ki wajah se shayad Every div has a shadow Which shouldnt be there design me to tha. Yes pc pe dekho, sahi hai. Most of the clients will come from phone i think You should also try to add a direct chat from the site itself Looks empty yea, tab hi bola tha ek mahina around lagega. thats called minimal i think. Haa i was giving suggestion Overly minimal No thanks for that then. Gyno is genetical A landing page would have worked better Mere ghar me to kisi ko nahi hua Meri aur meri behen ki hai To matlab mujhe nahi hoga? Corny Nah Its too empty right? Gyno is totally genetic nothing causes it Vercel ki site ka design dekho, try to go something like that Vercel is one of the best frontend according to me It looks better here yup. and their product too is the best one. You can scale the content For pc ok. Just visit their homepage etc Amazing fr. Its pleasing to the eye Leonardo da vinci designed it himself their founder is too humble. their cto is too friendly and engages with the community every now and then. vercel is just too good in everything. Chads lol, vercel has hired shadcn bro. the creator of the best ui library in the wordl. *world. W if you don't know DOGE's website also uses next.js + typescript + shadcn ui. btw parents are looking to open a d2c brand based on millets. guess who the cto is. bad choice tbh. and its fcking crazy. listen about the stack first. next.js frontend + wordpress (blogs) + shopify backend. + cloudflare + docker. (dev ops stuff) + sentry bug management. its crazy how shopify directly integrates payments, emails, shop, and overall dashboard.

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Could have highlighted the most important one yes Still corny 19 march se allen classes start h Ill tell if it worked after it finishes K I also had it once One of the guys from my athletics group had it So before 400 meter sprint we had a scoop of it It was orange flavoured People on youtube say it is very effective with zero sideffects if not overused Because it helps in proper flow of water and something like that Which forms muscles Boosts muscle growth
Boosts congenital performance
Boosts athleticism
At the cost of making you thirsty more frequent Water retention In musclss Yeah True Mere papa bhi lete hai to unhone ne dila diya The thirsty part is relatable Woh koi dusre type ka creatine lete hai I had to drink 500ml of water after the sprint made me bloat Acha It makes makes you crave water Yeah Chalo bye, iska effectiveness pata lag jayega kuch dino me Ill also keep you updated if it did increase strength and athleticism Some studies say it also helps in the treatment of depression for some reason Proudly built by son, @.... you mean, its okay. Ye likhde Thhoda pride dikha pride kyu dikhana hai? Type it in sucha way that it looks like you're proud of your work. Use ai i will be. when this goes live. till then, im a dumbbeech. No But its fine Add some of his degrees etc on the left hand side education section me hai Education section me unki Education ke uppar story dalo 95K hogye. 5k badh vado sab. play button bech denge. 👹 Jaise ki inhone start kaise kiya Aur degrees bhi daal do Me keh raha hu ki dono me daal do

subscribe plz. plus that image of him is floating. moving here and there. "haa, tujhe leke hun mein zara sa insecure
kisi ko kaise haasil karne dun mai apna khwaab?" 🎶 ye Anjum ki aawaz hai? 🤯 No clones the vercel maintained next.js + shopify template and calls himself the CTO. 😎 7 ads on a 30 minutes video. Wow.

wtf. you're wrong. vannda is the best one on the song. second, sure, $. Ok Btw act 4 scene 3 me brutus aur cassius ka breakup hora h Maja aa rha h skit dekh lo, padhne se achha hai. How? it is what it is. added wordpress blog to this template. im so frustrated rn. so basically, the code base is setup now. main work starts now. heavy-lifting done. otherwise this would have taken so many months to build one by one. i asked chatgpt if he were a client, what price i could charge for the site (animations, microinteractions, sanity cms) and it's saying 60k to 100k. bruh, this is wrong cus i built this in one day. ☠️ my brain all the time now: OPEN SOURCE THIS AS A TEMPLATE.

krsna ko bhi bata do.

krsna phir laya yaha solar eclipse.
plus Japan is called the land of the rising sun. Bro backend is hard Marc lou ne adha adhura jaise taise bataya hai Object eraser na? Samsung phones me h Its not that good tho nah bhai ne upar wali image dali aur niche wali image aayi. bohot examples mil jayenge X pe.

koi meri feed thik karo bhai. 😭😭😭 we didn't realise yesterday was ides of march. Aj danish bhai ka birthday hai 2 days if creatine and i can already see the bigger muscle groups pop out more

achhe gaane ko kharab kar diya. niggas I found a rare mew Oreo cookie And apparently at one time it was being sold for $100000 and I just looked up the price the least amount it was listed there was $300 So should I sell it Or eat it Photo bhej eat it then. tbh, seal it first. keep it in a box or something. yea, ofc. 20% × 3 commission hum logo ka. 40% tum rakh lena. or just record a video of eating it and post it on all the short form content platforms. make multiple reels with it. with the catchy hooks and stuff. blow up and then sell it. fayda ++ who is even watching bro. oh i know, the bored kids trying to "utilise" their time. Ruko thodi der mae bhej raha nice. Check the price it is listed on google List it online Let's sell it make reels with it. show it off. shitpost like crazy. blow up. finally sell it. I ain't doing all that then just sell it. List it online nigga like all the "if this video gets 1M likes, i will eat this mew oreo." what? ebay? I am not gonna do that either Ig which you won't get. but you will get the dumb retarded audience. Idk Idc anyways I can eat it just now if I want I obviously don't care about that money what's your primary email id? i need that to sign in, ill set a random pass and just send it to you. you can change it then. Bruh just do it on your I'd I will let you have 30 % nah, just send me yours. Really idc about it Nah to much of a Hassle kiske saamne cool ban rahe ho? Tere samne ek email bhejde bas. gay hai kya. Bhai apne I'd pae daal dae aur 30% tera apni id de nahi to nahi kar raha. baad me khud kha jayega, aur mujhe hang kar dega. Ok I am gonna eat this by tomorrow Bhai mae tujhe biscuit dedunga hell na. just give me your id bruh. pehle usko kisi dibbe me rakh. seal karke. Ok ok Dibba nahi hai Isko packet mae rakh dera Oreo waale kisi ghadi wale dibbe me rakh le. I have sealed it completely ok. dibbe me rakh de, deform ho jayega. Dibba nahi hai mere paas yea, ok. Bruh do the people even buy it ? cus they are dumb retards with baap ka paisa. I mean there may be some maniacs who do this for example me ( bought a limited edition car this year lol) My comet is a 1 of 1 you didn't. It was made on the 100th anniversary of Morris Garage Trust me nigga boi the time I get older I am gonna buy all the signed jerseys of all the football legends Then prove it Eat it now Also send vid proof Screw it, this shit is too hard Im watching cwh sigma web dev first From vid 85 yea, but keep going bro. Mf is expecting beginners to understand a 3 hr crash course don't stop at one point. I just wanted to learn backend it goes slow. actually too slow. Backend h isme? Nigga if i don't understand this im quitting everything. next.js + drizzle orm + PostgreSQL + shadcn/ui + vercel + better auth is the best stack rn. (the easiest too) 1 hour in nice. hows it? Hes just explaining nextjs rn Not teaching the code Routing bro this is so relatable - "Did you solve TwoSum in O(n^2)? This is how you can recover." I just need to learn backend bruh bruh, why didn't i notice this earlier.


let's listen to this. Carti dropped a mid album after making his fans for so long ye $ bhi na kar de. 😭 Fr if he drops something like still here with only 2-3 good songs it would be disappointing Ab kya h uska idk. kuch nahi. ya phir kya pata kuch ho bhi. Tab kyu ro rha h kuch keh nahi sakte. ya phir she is back with him. Kya r wali harkate hai sahi me Achha kiya chhod diya Bach gya tu abe dilasa mat de. Sahi bol rha hu, back to back bande pata rhi ye kabse Why y tellin this to us btw arjun is dating plaksha Ok fr bro. wth no. Sahi kiya chhod di tujhe

YE SAARE TALK TALK. 🗣️🔥 She made it on sm fr? I cant open it, im not on insta turant follow kar diya. 🤡 phir dekha saare overrated songs hai. phir unfollow kar diya. bure din ka bhi tha. Who cares Simps make these people famous with 0 effort i get it bro, i wasn't good enough. mr most streamed X miss most streamed "i don't care about you
jabki tu meri rooh ka sukoon hi to tha
mujhpe guzri jo vo mahaz ek fanoon hi to tha
sab mila jo na mila vo bas sukoon hi to tha" 🎶 *sample product data. 2hr in aaj ptm h Dar lag rha h? kal hai na? nice. haa. bohot zyaada. Same Chemistry me Baki sab to thik hai bhai maine 16 marks ka chod ke aaya hu. Chemistry me bahut dar hai Aur bio me thoda sa Yr is baar to baki sab achha diya tha Achhe ane chahiye Lets hope for the best hope for my best bro. 😭 Abe cwh ka bhi to h nextjs course ?? outdated.

what kind of a mv is this. Parso se school hai yaarrr Allen walo ka Awich is trash tu kab admission le rha? idk. literally sab kuch connect ho raha hai. found the missing piece of the puzzle. Fr whenever Plasksha asks me about Arjun I always say that tumhara boyfriend pata nahi Kahan hai and she doesn't even mind it And this nigga told her about me and Akshara Chudakad gand ka ched Arjun snitched? Aurat ka chakkar babu bhaiya, aurat ka chakkar bruh, everyone knows. and just when everything started to fall into place, she told me that it was all a "joke." a bad one tbh.

meri feed koi theek karo bhai.

MAI ASLI ME ASLI HU. 🗣️🔥 this course is great Thanks Stop sending these cringe reels This was false? yeah. bruh, this one point made everything seem connected. sab kuch ek point ke liye connect ho gaya tha. literally sab kuch. ab vapas khichdi pakani padegi. yes it is. Pehle kal ka soch Kya hoga idc. wth, haa yar. 😭 leave typescript, mera type yaha define hogy. 🫠 but nvm, typescript is just awesome. better than anything this world has to offer. im in love with it, if you say. TS 🫀 and now it is 10x faster. 🫠 typescript. ily. 😍 she so fine. i would use her with anything - web, mobile, desktop apps everything. everything just feels better with her. I under performed today and that to such extent that I was not even able to get the ball in the net more than twice all the balls were long balls and missed 4 open chances I feel like quitting but I think there was something that made it ruin Din achha nahi hoga True But bc all my shots went on target but today none went in the direction of the shot Feels like hell Mera creatine achha chal raha hai, i worked out today, i was able to lift the weights for double the reps, and for some exercises i was able to increase weight by 5kg's I scored two goals in 2 minutes of the game but then it went so down hill Nice But because of these match winning goals I was able to get the mvp 3 hours in Route handlers DONE nice. GitHub pe code daal de. Bruh, dont tell me we can use PATCH as GET and vica versa And these are just names PATCH is for the correcting of data, or just update. nothing else fr bro. Ik and if you learn this the real backend way, i.e. using it with a custom server - it's exactly the same. just some hassle setting it up. wrote after so long and yea, wasted my time in this too much. wrote about today, and it's a whole fucking 1000 word essay or something like that. today marks the 675th day. Good luck for tomorrow same. Halfway in Routing DONE nice. alag alag classes me jake dekhni hogi kya copies? Yes Idk how, but three days ago, the avg aqi in delhi was 85 Btw there is no chocolate or sugar in this I have mixed jaggery in it It is the muslei plus protein bruh, my mom gives this to me every day. yea. same in mine. yup. downfall begins. Kitne aye kisme? Mere
Bio 57
Maths 61
Geo 60
Hc 60
Hindi 51
Ckmputwr 79
Physics 58 Now the bad part comp 79 out of? Eng lit 53
Chen 47
Eng lang 47 80 Apne bata Sare nice. mai ek hi bataunga. Worst ai me 96/100. highest in class. Geo bata Aur chem 10 marks ka chod ke aaya tha. Aur phy Bas itna 53/65 hai. Hc bhi damn bro, ek baar map padh liya hota to top maar deta mai. un 5 me 4 sahi the. Hc bata Aur chem

IDC. KARMA DROPPED. YASHRAJ TOO DROPPED THIS WEEK. LFG!!! . . 45/65. 🤡 46 here Worst Hc bata na ab khushi hui mujhe. geo jaisa hai. yaad nahi. Sabka chem ganda bi faya tha Khushi ki kya baat 60/64 mere tere bhi kam hai isliye. nice. Eng lit bata 54 lang - 47 ig. around it. same pinch brother. same pinch. no pinch back. red cross. rainbow cross. Ph, bio bata kharab hai. bio 50. phy 47. tere bohot acche aaye hai bhai. 😭 Mujhe itni daat kyu pad rhi h? Pichli baar se to acche hi h yar sabko padi hai. mere to sabse bekar hai iss baar. ab padhai karni padegi. high school me to badhiya karna hai bhai. Sahi me? haa. I guess I outscored this time 64 out of 64 in both commerce and eco nice. So I believe that I have got a total of 96 and 97 in commerce and eco respectively O2 mili thi Aaj And bruh guess what I have matched her height and I am now actually a few cm taller In computer I got 78 Ek woh 2 marks wala question galat hogaya tha lol Geo aur h/c ka paper kitne marks ka tha Ussme sirf total likha hua tha mere mae 65. Geo aur h/c dono mae na ? haa. shayad. Rukja Map mae mere 10 sahi the So yep I got 60 Baaki firr dono ut ko mila kae aur MCQ ko mila kae 88+ hai Computer mae Ig 89 aajayenge 100 mae H/c aur hindi ki dekhi nahi maine But I am going in 10th with a decent percentage judging from all the bakchodi I do Percentage I believe 85-87 ban jayegi English mae sabki gaand maari gayi hai kya ? Meri class wale to rahe hai Sab saale 40 50 kae bich mae atak gaye hai Mere ilawa I got 54 😎 Tf? Iske bare me aur details chahiye firstly it was alok from brazil ig, then it was krsna, then it is arpit. collabing to produce a song. on free fire. 22nd March. fr. is it only me or this "MUSIC" album is just distorted music with some lyrics?
this is the first song i have listened to from weeknd and playboi carti. and i thought they were good. half of the songs are just prod.

they're right. its crazy how LG DROPPED AN AI MODEL Kal se school hai ik. 3P is so good yea. ik. yashraj dropped. 4 hours in Yashraj is the future of dhh nice. its too simple, isn't it? Yes
King is so versatile King as a singer >>>> arijit singh King as a rapper is also good ik. yup. Sahi mae ? Bhai sahi batana Allen ka Ok on the 14th one rn. (total 30) mai nahi aaraha aaj. Same Mai 4 din nhi aunga Tune admission le liya? nah. kuch din me le lunga. btw this MUSIC album is shit. like literally shit. halfway through and all the songs are being carried by the prod and lyrics. Carti? Yes the prod too is for the tik tok phonk edit guys. i thought he was good at his craft. Feeling bad for carti fans need a hanumankind X krsna X brodhaV - English only collab. probably dissing western hiphop. Your thoughts are wierd bruh Ye wala hai cheers to my bure din Ye wala hai cheers to my buri raat

fr.

wtf did i just watch. 😭😭😭 Why bruh idk. it would be fun.

omg. revolutionary! boy made some real progress. 🤡 Kendrick outperformed carti on his own album. I can't find the damn gif So just imagine that ice age squirrel pulling those continents

comments. 😂

comments again. 😂

fr. In vrindavan thats a one of a kind place bro. fr, i was there last year. Real Mathura has so much positive vibes I can feel it yup. Nand gao The thought of baal krishna playing right where Im standing Nand bhavan This place has a different aura +1 This phones camera is OP better than iphone no cap nice. why is Anjum's 35 sec feature better than his whole albums? 😭 "Jab meri duaon mai, tum roz rahi ho zindgi mai fir kyu na reh saki tum
Roz mere khwabon mai jab has rahi ho aake
ankhon se meri fir kyun behrahi tum
Dekho ese na satao ki sach mai maar hi daalo
Mai khudko tumpe khud luta dun jo tum bas pyaar se maango
Daag hain tujhme bhi fir bhi tum mere raat ka chand ho
Manzil tak le chalun tumhe main tum mera sath jo mango"

this snippet of ajnabi is just on another level. And i didnt even use 50 mp Mae aajau apni par ? This is just the weather null am i cooked chat? Padhle sale kya? Padhayi Not just the weather you also need to set some angle and lower the exposure to meet the best possible outcome Lemme send another one Bro thinks he can beat me at photography Bruh I just did Mine's still better All the pixels cracking lil bro Idk it was some kinda festival there so the lake was green Mid asf We need a judge 20/03/25, 10:49 am - Pratyuush 👽: And they say Indian rivers are unclean Hd quality, whatsapp degraded it lil bro Ok so lemme search through my gallery again and see if I find something My photography shows versatility whereas yours shows only normal activities Nigga that Sigma rock was clicked on 10x not 1x To still think that the Sigma rock is mid is shameful to photography "Versitality" your photos aee 90 percent sky photos lil bro Sky photos are easy to take Think again nigga I capture perfect landscapes not people doing shopping Nah this is just a normal photo Nigga don't you dare look down on the Sigma rock I captured him on 10x in a moving crowd And all those photos also capture other aspects other than skies Except for some that I accept This message was deleted Kabhi to apni har man liya kar bhai. Sky photo is a piece of cake I never lose bruhh Ur only good photo yes L mindset you gonna tell him something about this I call it pride 🏳‍🌈 Nigga what this is what L mindset is This flag doesn't exist rl bro "People doing shopping" True Monument  reel worthy vid . Bruh wait a sec I gotta check the Google photos I also have some nice monument photos from Rajasthan Dolls Candid photo Candid Dont u dare send randlm monument mid pics "People shopping photos" And  you are comparing your recent photos to the photos I took like 2 years ago And know the name the phone I used to get these photos ? It was a samsung M 30 Mid af Lol Same Just a high altitude pic Next time I go out I am gonna use the pixel 9 pro so that I easily get the best shots I know it does not look good in the pic But in rl it is magnificent This message was deleted This message was deleted project idea: take the texts as input, feed to an LLM and output the red flags, the points the user missed. and basically everything from count of messages and emojis and everything. (can be done just by placing a counter) Samjha nahi Visually samjha sakta hai? just see the images above the message i replied to. their interface is shit. i can easily make one easily. *make a good one actually dumb lyrics + "I AM THE MUSIC!" + "SWAMP IZZO!" what was that app called. *? RIZZ AI i suppose. gotta find a name like that. drop a message in section K. the idiots wala. "shawty, ab keh bhi de; tu bhi toh chahti rehna mere ghar ab" 🗣🔥 im going with TeXRay. read a self improvement book in public some baddies gonna approach you why public? oh i see. but why actually? what is attractive in this? and plus i ain't no handsome introvert. im a dumbass. Oh sorry I forgot to add more to it They will approach you out of empathy seeing how an ugly ass nigga is trying to improve himself but still has no chance nice one. Bro let's spam the other groups with memes Not rn but later Keep scrolling hard my niggas Codm khelega Bhai voice message nahi kar payenge Papa aaj ghar pae hai na Kaha mar gaya? 7 match khele aur unme tum sirf 1 mae mvp the mae 3 mae tha Baaki 3 haar gaye lol Underrated opinion scientists should start giving animals steroids so that we can get Pokemon in real life before GTA VI If pokemon were real I would've already become a pokemon master Cause I have watched the whole series Not just Kanto Jhoto and Orange Islands But wait if pokemon were real then there would've been people who rape them So that means we could even get some pokemon human hybrids Wth are you thinking So? Possible outcomes I won in life Congratulations I am just talking with Akshara and she is showing all kinds of interest listening to my gaming history I first told her about all the prince of persia series Then all the Pokemon series and all the roms I have  played And then soul games And then marvel games Sounds hyperbolic I really appreciate her reading all those things about game Yeah maybe I have not played all but I have played most of them Exactly

hell no.

sampled his own song. 😭

fr. actual stats btw. Nigga Crazy Have you deployed it? nah. just wait a week. it will be completed. and then, i will add integrations for whatsapp and instagram. right now, only works with telegram. the name is TeXtRay. is it okay? 22/03/25, 1:53 pm - Agrim: Kya 22/03/25, 2:06 pm - arjuncodess: basic stats page complete. response times, media, phrase analysis and gap analysis + ai features left to implement. Avg Words/Message: 6.0 is good ig? Bruh you just express your emotions in the means of electronic form Sometimes there are things which might appear hurtful dekhle But if you show some emotions in that statement for instance like you really meant to say that thing or you just did it as a joke So in order to express your emotions via texts you use emojis I believe that sums it up bruh that essay was not required. 😭 this is the only thing i understood. so i kinda showed too much of them?

me: 49+44+35+17+11
she: 26+5+5+4+3 and these are the top 5 only. 67 individual emojis were recorded. what should i understand from this? so hows the app till now? 👍 "okay"? Yes What app ? this one - the one in building. Bruh Dp kaisI h? nice. any problem in smiling? Hata du? Seedha bata nope. its nice but it would've been better if you smiled.
need this kind of rizz. she: BROOOO. 😭😭😭 is gap analysis required? yea, i knew you will see it. Would* yea, nvm. whats that Samsung font called? Bro didnt say this earlier 8k me bhejdu? But complain na krde meri Ladkiyo ka kuch pata nahi mat bhej. got it. kindly do the honors Samsung Sharp Sans thanks for introducing me to NF. Ok Yes Let's start with the beef . I won't You start this one Nahhh Bruh do it till then I have to prepare the ingredients Noo Bruh do it I have got the perfect recipe for this please do the honour Btw I deleted that ss just do it bro We have to start with this at some point so why not now DON'T. please. Request denied send it nah bro. please. U do it please don't do it. Okkk ? Cause your phone stays silent most the time and most of your time you are busy coding yea exactly. maine to telegram ke notifications bhi hata ke rakhe hai. kabhi kabhi bhul jata tha ki koi mishika naam ki ladki se baat bhi karta hu mai. DEKH KE MUJHE MAT BHAUK EK SHABD BOLE OFF THATS TOO MUCH TALK KYA BOLU AAJ KAL MOOD KHARAB HAI. PUCH JANAB SE, BOOTH ME KYU SHARAB HAI KHOON KHARABE HOTE YAHA, DHOOM DHADAKE. SOONGH KARATE, BHAGE PHIR DOOM DABAKE. MAI IGNORE KARU HATE, I JUST VALUE THE LOVE. MILTI NAHI THI PEHLE VALUE HAI LOVE INKE LIYE MERI VALUE HAI AB, PAR YE DOST BANE TAB JAB MY VALUE IS UP. damn, the lyrics! 🗣🔥 Ngl is just something else A perfect track Lyrics + flow + hook + technicalities + switches Everything is top quality Definition of rap +1 MUMBAI KI SADKO PE PHD. MATLAB PRETTY HUGE D*CK IN YOUR B. A. C. K. Bhai machayenge 4 kyu ga raha hai? "MUSIC KARE HEAL TUJHE" CHAL JHUK BETA AAJA DEDU FEEL TUJHE. CHAHIYE PUNCH LINES TO MAI MIKE PE TYSON. idk. TERE DISS KA BEST PART JAB TUNE KIYA MERE AUR RAFTAAR WALA DRILL FLOW COPY. 🗣🔥 pendo 46 was like jaha se kaam aaraha hai lelo. lol 23/03/25, 2:46 pm - arjuncodess: asian state of mind. Prolly because of asian state of mind attaching the image as a file so to conserve the quality. 23/03/25, 2:48 pm - Pratyuush 👽: Good Good "UnknownContact's messages often revolve around seeking explanations, expressing confusion, or addressing concerns about the relationship." "They also express a lack of romantic interest." "In conclusion, the chat data strongly suggests an imbalance in the relationship, with ArjunCodess displaying a significantly higher level of interest and emotional investment than UnknownContact. This is evident in the content, frequency, and emotional tone of their messages." Link bhek Bhej Deploy kar diya? nope. abhi nahi. instructions daalne padenge pehle. ki kaise chat export kare. etc. plus this is for telegram only. and you don't use that. building it for whatsapp and instagram too, so just wait. onto implementing WhatsApp and Instagram now. FOUND IT Niggas I got kissed on the cheek ok. Pretty hard to believe But still a girl from the girls team had a crush on me since 2 months She approached me and kissed me on the cheek and ran away then her female besties told me that she had a crush on me since 2 months I sincerely rejected Yo I got a nice roast wanna hear it ? it looks like that's the roast. Nah You wanna hear it ? ok. Ok so you are the test subject then so listen up ok. 's pubic hairs are considered as his beard kyuki shakal bhi lund jaisi hai How was it you ain't gonna respond? old one. ek baar codebase ko refactor karunga, phir kal se WhatsApp and Instagram integrations. 10 pe 10 goes so hard. So how old are your pubic hairs ? then you are very familiar with my beard. bro replied like carti's album. 😂 I.e. he is familiar with ur pubic hair i.e. yk why ? Tere bachpan ka doctor mae hi tha beta Aur teri nunni bhi zipper sae maine hi chudwayi thi The reasons given below Bachpan me pubic hair nhi hote hai aaj aaoge allen? No Fever hai Tu ja rha hai kya itne dino se? 2 din gaya tha. aaj jaunga just got my Instagram info downloaded. What do they all mean nigga 24/03/25, 11:46 am - OG Ojas: Bruh you didn't even understand the joke Bc yae isn't the moon beautiful ka kya matlab hota hai kal ek ladki bolke chali gayi aur kal toh moon bhi nahi nikla tha just got my Instagram info downloaded. and this is the chat file. Hmm real what the hell is this? That literally says FUCK
You fr. 😂 just for the record that i was in this programmers paradise gc on Instagram and contents of that too downloaded. 4 of the images are porn gifs. ☠️ nice one. i went to a gym today I got by a gym everyday 🗿 The air of the gym is making my physique better Yep gym is good And the trainer was very chill Damn auto correct it is go Trainer is supposed to be chill Otherwise you might stretch your muscles out of frustration Yes Kayi trainer chutiye hote hai Underestimate your strength levels Mere local gym wala to mast thha Mere local mae ek 2000 wala gym hai And trust me bruh it is one of the best Its name is Oxygen gym Has all kinds of machines Have people with wet towels walking around Also supplements for the beginners And there is still more to it KIYE KARAM HAI SAATH MERE YE KALAM HAI. MERI JEET SE JALAN PE AATI NA INHE SHARAM HAI. JABSE LIYE JANAM YE GIRE PADE HAI CHARAN ME. KR$NA KI KALA PE KABU, PADI NA KABHI KALANK HAI. 🗣🔥 Me to aaj daypass pe gaya thha, but its monthly is 2200 Bold gains naam hai Nice one agrim the best thing about coding with tailwind css is that whatever rubbish you code, it ends up being responsive. Bc yae divine conference kya hoti hai ? Mae aajtak gaya hi nahi Report card MERE GHAM MERE GUSSE PE AB HAAVI RAHE. AANKHE JAGI RAHE SOCHE BAAGHI RAHE. VO RAHE TO NAHI RAHE PAR HUM TO HUM HI HAI NA. HUM TO TERE HUMRAHI HUM TERE HUMRAH HI RAHE. 🗣🔥 He occasionally slurs sambhaji and shivaji This message was deleted so? You don't have feelings for our culture. I do. Report card toh bc ptm mae bhi dae sakte hai lekin isme divine conference kyu Karani hai unfollow. block. mute. report. +1 Nicely done These Mughals don't even deserve to exist Ban gaya cool? Ab bata sambhaji ke bare me 50 words Yet their descendants walk around freely Nahi pata hoga You dont care about our culture Isliye tera khoon nahi khaulta hai We are not the same lol. Mughals weren't even loyal to their own blood lol why waste time on them? At least not asking for sahayita Fr lol. Lemme tell you about something  can you imagine being so down grade bad that you kill your brothers to get power give your father life imprisonment and then too have the nerve to call yourself a ruler this was Aurangzeb was Whereas Chatrapati Sambhaji Maharaj carried the dream of Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj of creating a land where even a commoner can call himself the king free from war and injustice this was what Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj built and still followed Aurangzebs descendants live in slums now btw His upcoming generations weren't of cowards but brave warriors 1 reply really wasted a lot of time fr Divine confrence kab hai 27 I know runs a cycle repair shop lol 😂 What about maratha descendants? Where are they? They are treated like kings in Maharashtra Search it up on google Theyre living like the japanese monarch or still like mughal descendants I am not sure about the location though Maratha ideology was better than mughals. Akbar bhi gadha thha but baki to chutiye thhe Was kya, it is better and will be better. Just blocking and restricting these so called mughal supporters won't do the job they should be eliminated in front of the mosques Fucking terrorist mentality The son of Aurangzeb literally ran to Sambhaji Maharaj for protection from his father Sambhaji Maharaj was the person who could've ended the Mughal reign if he was not betrayed by his comrades Disunity is the only cause of Indias struggle Be it present or past Fucking snitch Not only Sambhaji Maharaj a lot of rulers could've ended the rule centuries ago but they all were betrayed by their own comrades and later these so called comrades converted into chuslims and started to convert others into chuslims by force this is the true history of India which was hidden from us because of congress which was against the idea of printing the true history of India
Akbar implemented the rules but never followed them I have done deep research on this so I hold solid points in what I am writing here the non chuslim womens were raped by chuslim males and there chuslim scholars said that Allah allows this
Read about the real history someday and you will find out about how much our ancestors have done for us while these Mughals spread terrorism across the nation So called secularism is the main cause if only Hindustan was just for Hindus Chuslims kabhi bhi hindu chuslim bhai bhai karne lagte hai aur kabhi bhi hinduo ko bad mouth karte hai A teen age girl was raped by chuslims for not being a Chuslim and here tatto of 🕉️ was washed off by acid The acid permanently burned her skin Imagine this gc gets leaked Arjun is prolly sending screenshots to plaksha, nvm In the reign of Chatrapati kingdom women were treated as prestigious goddesses and Mughals literally slept with their own daughters True lol I hope that Hindus can understand this cause whoever supports hindu chuslim bhai bhai has to know the reality There are some Muslims who know that their religion is wrong and proudly say Jai Shree Ram And bruh Insta is full of this kind of content so whatever there is not something new All Chuslims can say in an argument is beef is tasty,shut up gao mutra drinkers gobar eater bruh. no. But don't even know which among the seven wives is their mother I hope you understand the heritage of THE OUR REAL CULTURE Excessive Editing final boss thanks. 24/03/25, 11:45 pm - OG Ojas: Ruko jara sabar karo Plus this guy is from her class and is a literal loser Ojas bhai physique photo wala kab karna hai After I shave my body hair lol How dense are they nigga Are they dense enough for the camera sensor to capture? What? Hair Enough for that Anil kapoor type shit But let's do it after 11th so that I can get in proper shape by then Ok, ill get even bigger by then tum bhi join karoge? And about this I have various options aside from her It is not like I am dying for her But isnt she your love She still is But I also have to accept the fact that I prioritize her happiness over mine OBJECTIFICATION ALERT ⚠️ MISOGYNY DETECTED So if she ever finds a guy better than me I am happy to leave her Unlike arjun... It is her life and I don't want to be a prick in it I don't want her to think of me as a jerk but an individual to whom she can look upon But 🍑 what? Knowing her she is going to do arrange marriage and her parents will choose the groom and what better groom is someone better than a CA and a person who knows how to behave than me It is but not butt So pretty much she is all mine And I can't forget about the dates that we have planned for the time we get 18 years old Even though I am a total dark humoured guy who will literally joke around the whole time with you guys I prefer to be a very kind and low esteemed guy in front of her At the end of 8th I got her a valentine's ring Tf when? Which she accepted but later cried because she thought that I was just too perfect for her and she doesn't deserve me so I decided that I will stand on an equal footing with her supporting her through and through At the end of 8th Sounds like you made that up but its ok Nah you can actually ask Ojashvi about this she is a female bestfriend more like a lil sis to me Ojasvi wo moti? Yeah Annual function practice wali? But I have to admit that this message was given by Ojashvi to me cause Akshara told her that Idk I was never there to begin with 😂 You were You told me her name that time Maybe absent Ig you talking about a specific date Uski __ dikh gayi thhi, fir tumne mujhe naam bataya On which I was absent Ki uska naam ojasvi thha Abbe woh nahi Uski pant sarak jati thhi, practice dance ke time Woh toh koi bus line ki laundiya thi Ok Idk about this Chal bye gn Never noticed it Gn Tum nations league dekh rahe ho ? Nahi bimar hu thoda Mae dekh raha hu Jaldi so jata hu filhal And it is fucking class Hmm, ucl quarter finals dekhunga Us time tum jagoge raat me? Better than previous year's euro's Ig Ok bye Chal bye yea, just needed to inform you. bruh what.

same.

you guys haven't seen what a real plot looks like. the flash season 8 is just on another level. 🤯 Obv, ny physique is slready developing The amount of auto correct his phone is giving I have turned it off, tab ye haal hai Plus i type fast, i dont recheck the text Same with me Same WhatsApp integration almost done! bruh, that looks like auto wrong. / auto incorrect. just phrase analysis and ai insights left. then the Instagram integration. this app is going to be grand~! Dad joke Not funny I didn't laugh. Your joke is so bad I would have preferred the joke went over my head and you gave up re-telling me the joke. To be honest this is a horrid attempt at trying to get a laugh out of me. Not a chuckle, not a hehe, not even a subtle burst of air out of my esophagus. Science says before you laugh your brain preps your face muscles but I didn't even feel the slightest twitch. 0/10 this joke is so bad I cannot believe anyone legally allowed you to be creative at all. The amount of brain power you must have put into that joke has the potential to power every house on Earth. Get a personality and learn how to make jokes, read a book. I'm not saying this to be funny I genuinely mean it on how this is just bottom barrel embarrassment at comedy. You've single handedly killed humor and every comedic act on the planet. I'm so disappointed that society has failed as a whole in being able to teach you how to be funny. Honestly if I put in all my power and time to try and make your joke funny it would require Einstein himself to build a device to strap me into so I can be connected to the energy of a billion stars to do it, and even then all that joke would get from people is a subtle scuff. You're lucky I still have the slightest of empathy for you after telling that joke otherwise I would have committed every war crime in the book just to prevent you from attempting any humor ever again. We should put that joke in text books so future generations can be wary of becoming such an absolute comedic failure. Im disappointed, hurt, and outright offended that my precious time has been wasted in my brain understanding that joke. In the time that took I was planning on helping kids who have been orphaned, but because of that you've waisted my time explaining the obscene integrity of your terrible attempt at comedy. Now those kids are suffering without meals and there's nobody to blame but you. I hope you're happy with what you have done and I truly hope you can move on and learn from this piss poor attempt

🫠 Male randi 💀

🔥

😂😂😂😂😂 done! YES. WHATSAPP DONE. next thing: history feature. uske baad Instagram integration. should i add login too? or just store on local storage? well, not a bad idea. "too harsh" 😂 1.5 years too less a man raped a .5 year old year girl and received a death penalty Why did u say big fan btw "creator of better auth" i follow him on X.

saved it for next time. 26/03/25, 9:38 am - OG Ojas: Mid Where did you find this i hacked your phone. bro thinks he's cool. (he is) yae divine conference ka kya scene hai ? Report card toh mere khayal sae raat mae hi milta hai na ? Toh duphar 2:30 pae nahi jaunga agar directly nahi milega toh ig. btw google dropped gemini 2.5 series. and its fucking good. google started the last, but won. the ai race. Success of Willow coming in clutch nothing else Now they can perform in a flow not in distributed departments ig you are talking about that chip? oh yea, just googled. Yeah That shit requires the temperature of absolute zero (-273°C) just to run So that must've cost a lot of man power Anyways you guys heard about gork AI or not ? Kal firse daar khayenge yea, it's great. plus the comments it has on people. ☠️ mera to roz ka hai. Same Guys report card distribution 6:30 tak hoga according to some sutra carti dropped the deluxe version of MUSIC with 4 new songs. real. girls don't exist. In your life yes, get sahaiyta (help) nvm, this shit funny. 😂 10th me academic comeback kaise kare + its on facebook padh ke. Realistically, having unwavering discipline is not possible for us +1 but bruh, you are in cbse. Ab tum hi batao, tumhara coding wagera karne ke baad sst padhne me man lagega? Doesn't matter, padhna to fir bhi padega na 75% to le aunga le but bacha kucha lana hi to mushkil hai nope. mujhe computer nahi padhne ka man karta, sst dur ki chiz hai. Agar me iss hisab se timetable bana bhi du, but har din kya same motivation rahega? 684th day btw. kuch dino me 700 hojayega. aur phir kuch dino me mai ye count bhi bhul jaunga. phir kuch dino ke baad inn baato par hi hasunga. Nahi. 2 years nah. no. never. ik. the date 13th May, 2025 hits differently. School ke baad ghar aya, khana peena fir workout kiya, padha uske baad football khela, uske baad wapas padha, kya koi possibility hai ki har din mera same mood rahe ye same cheez repeat karne ka? btw i implemented auth, db and history. The chat analysis project? yes. im calling it TeXtRay. (Text X-Ray) Woh kafi achha bana hai, uska promotion karo bhai, achhe tarah se banner ads ka use karo site pe Dont use annoying popup ads Use banner ads and earn fr bro. Especially those "hot singles near me" it's crazy how the project will be completed tomorrow. Fir testing ke liye bhejo and tomorrow will mark the 7th day of the project. BUILT IT IN JUST A WEEK. Excited for this project yup. wait. 🤫 And i think spotify should have an ai playlist generator based on prompt mujhe banate banate demotivation hota hai, mishika ki chat analyse kar raha tha. uska texting score 55, mera 85. So many web services provide it but spotify could never implement it someone built it already. but it's not popular enough. Haa I have used it kahi to top kar raha hu. 🗿 chalo byee. kal bhejta hu. But spotify should make this as a feature in their app Bye +1 listen to amitabh by karma. It will be convenient l Ok gn. take care bro. Kiski care karu? 😭🥲 ek dhh blend banao yaar spotify pe apni karle, kisi aur ki nahi kar payega tu. pari aur mera hai ek. 3 logo ka ban sakta hai kya? mid. razorpay hai? tum log report card kab lene aaoge ? Kyuki mere group pae message aaya hai ki 2:30 kae baad jo parents aayenge unko report card nahi diya jayega Bhai bhaad me jaye in logi ki zabarjasti Hum apne time se jayenfe Mae toh bol raha divine conference gayi ma chudane Baad mae leliya jayega report card onto Instagram integration now. 7-8 ghanto me ban jayega. Meri class teacher bata rahi hai ki Shashikanti attendance le rahi hai iss baar Toh 2:30 tak present hona hoga Shashikanti saali bsdk wali madarchod bacho aur parents ka bas time barbaad karwayegi Upto 10 ppl ask  for the invite link then. this is the invite. check if it's working. Instagram has the weirdest data structure i have seen till now. this will take a while. this is a new one right? *the that time was just before the 7th examination. *final. Yes you have pro? gimme your id please. Plus hota hai *plus ye farhan khan to badhiya hai bhai ikr. he's too good. pioneer of urdu hip hop in India. Sachme Saitama please dede bhai. lol. Best Urdu rapper yunus? Grok hai lol Farhan ok. thanks. farhan is more of a melodic writer. yunus is a rapper. bro dropped one album and outshined the best in the biz. (TA) I also did with grok look bottom right You're going to see a watermark of grok tum bhi ajao oh yea.

after marvel rivals, it was quite important to have sue from F4 on this. you know why. bruh wth. i shared the same thing a second ago. Lol +1 i want to see THAT loki. Doctor doom vs multiverse loki Imagine loki dies Goku bhi hoga na? wtf. ifykyk. Yep, goku hoga Rumours h this goku? Yes wtf. not happening bro. Google kar Avengers secret wars will come after doomsday Ik. yea, got it. natalie dreyfuss >>> kab jaoge? Mai nahi jaa rha im leaving for it rn. bye.
if she didnt leave you this couldve been you In the future Later 83% boi. downfall hoke 83% aagye. 🗿 my mom literally asked me if i am still with mishika. and when i said no, she said "tumhare school me itni sundar ladkiya hai, koi bhi pakad ke, pata lo" bro wtf. ☠️ 🔥 Bottom part new Your mom is chill after the result? yes? Bruh Fuck off bitch ass nigga not perfect. this song MAGNIFICENT. confession: i once tried to make an edit on her. turned about bad. kaisi lagi meri insta feed? Ok ok but mine is more versatile and shows all kinds of reels 10 i ki geo teacher shashikanti maam h 💀 Bach gaya mai to ye padhati bhi hai? btw plaksha bhi S me aayegi. ☠️ True ab to ye class bhi ek normal class jitni badi hogyi. 😭 14 number ekdum sahi tha. Ik 10th ka padh raha hai? gaddari. Hm This message was deleted Bhai class mae romance mat karna apni gf kae sath Btw what are your set of teachers ? same. bruh. wtf. Instagram integration is taking longer than expected. 😭 will try to complete this today. 27 log Bruh I didn't even know that I was selected for 3 categories last year in the divine conference for class 8th lol Saw 2 certificates And a medal Most of kids pc's cant run those games
add this bot to our server How to Export Your Chat

1
Open Profile
Open your profile on Instagram.

2
Access Menu
Tap on the three lines in the top right corner.

3
Your Activity
Tap 'Your Activity'.

4
Download Information
Tap 'Download Your Information'.

5
Select Download
Tap 'Download or transfer information'.

6
Choose Data
Tap 'Some of your information'.

7
Select Messages
Choose 'messages'.

8
Continue
Tap 'next'.

9
Choose Device
Tap 'download to device'.

10
Set Date Range
Tap 'last year' for date range.

11
Select Format
Choose 'JSON' for format.

12
Create Files
Tap 'create files'.

13
Wait for Email
Wait for Instagram to email you the download link (10-30 minutes), then click the link or download the file from the 'Download Your Information' page in the app.

14
Download File
Download the file.

15
Upload File
Upload the file using the choose file option below.

16
Get Analysis
Get your analysis.

follow these steps and give me your Instagram chat history. i need to check something. 28/03/25, 1:47 pm - OG Ojas: Kiske sath ki chat ? O2 kae sath ki Agar uske sath ki chahiye toh lund lele mera haa. test karna hai mujhe. achha koi aisi chat ka dede, jisme kuch messages edit kiye ho, aur  voice message bheja ho. "She said she got a boyfriend, but she wants to get a drink
It's not the weekend, and she got a class for Ivy League
She's just a stranger, but it seems as if she doesn't want to be"

the greatest bwu lyric. Kyu chahiye tujhe ? Kisi din miliyo toh fir school mae phone laake dikha dunga Direct chats so i have no idea uska data kaisa dikhta hai. and i never ever dared to send a voice message to her, so i don;t have that data too. help me. Kal sae kon kon ja raha hai ? instagram integration done. Kya hua Fix what? this is unreal. Bro be hitting on every girl and then getting rejected every time We all need confidence like him Bro's favourite book must be courage to be disliked Bro's favourite web series be like 50 stages of rejection and game of hoes Bro's favourite dialogue
I alone am the rejected one Bro's favourite food is rejection Bro was rejected by the gods when he asked for some good traits Bro is preparing to get rejected thrice Bro been rejected from the University of rejection Ye hua kya lekin The girl will slowly say that you are like a little brother to me Arjun Lil bro ain't scared of rejection cause he is the self embodiment of it why she message you to get the link of the website. Aaj achanak se? but why? yes exactly. Uss din to mana kardiya usne probably to flex how much a boy used to like her. Idk, she stopped sending any new messages to you? To you nigga i need to know why this happened. sabko pata hai bhai. Mujhe message aata hai, kaise karke me bye krta hu, usko bol deta hu kal bat karunga fir mahino ke liye gayab Happy new year happy holi happy birthday aise message hi bheja hai maine aur wo convo start krdete hai bruh, this is the only girl i have actually "hit" on. Message bheja woh bhi forwarded lol. Maine 🗿 Ab me kya baat kar sakta hu usse online bhai, me hi bore ho jaunga nothing matters rn, she thanked me. and that's the best thing that has happened to me since that day. i want that "thx"
what the hell is this "Thank you." Masculinity thoughts? Salman khan is 59y/o and unmarried fr. mai ek saal se jhel raha hu. arjun and plaksha didnt talk much in 8th. They started talking this much in 9th. Now that we are going to 10th, plaksha takes allen to come into the same section as his. Im seeing something here wtf. hell na bro. Bro is actively denying it Uski mummy to bol rahi thi "plaksha bol rahi thi pratyush bhi allen me hai to padhne me maza ayega" This message was deleted ARJUN DONT SEND SCREENSHOTS That proves it even more do you see this too? This looks soooo like an excuse Bro finally hit a girl Successfully Arjun ham logo ki gandi gaali aur dark wale chats ke screenshots bhejta hai plaksha ko pakka But she looks like a fucking hippo Sab bhejta hai Iska screenshot bhejdega delete kar This message was deleted This message was deleted Bhejde lekin tumhe konsa farak padta hai bruh, wth no. Fr Nah nigga you do nah. fr. This message was deleted null is that true? Yes. i like mishika and emma stone only. This message was deleted This message was deleted Nigga you like everyone even men 😭😭😭😭😭 This message was deleted I have had those in reactions Isse pehle ekbar usne ye bhi bataya thha ki usne arjun se baat krni kyu band kardi lekin chats delete hogayi thhi Aur mujhe yaad nahi msg lekin arjun to hai hi gadhe ki gand 😍 bro please. are you for real right now? does she literally send you texts like that? Hmm yeah? She used to  in night, i also slept late and less man i was so less optimal back then Arjun screenshots bhejega firse plaksha ko pakka jal ke rakh hogya bhai. wth why? kuch karo iska Mfs when a girl texts them: 🤑🤑🫰💸 Tum nahi samjhoge Frfr ojas tab hi to vo chat analyser banaya hai. Kya kar sakta hu, bhejta rahega ye screenshots bruh wth. i literally don't send it. Snitch by birth Chalo arjun kal milte hai ok. Hamari apki dosti 30 February tak, kyuki na kabhi 30 February ayega na kabhi hamari dosti khatam hogi Full stop mat lagaya kar bahut gussa ati hai Bahut purana hai Arjun ka har message dekh ke gussa ata hai sala likhta hi aise hai ok. Fr isme kya gussa aati hai? Hizruboy 🥰😜 Hijde sale. Idk mishika isko kaise jhelti hogi Screenshot bhej raha hoga mai phone pe hi hu, mere haath programmed hai. Tabhi gayab hojata hai har 2 minute me Ye arjun MUSTAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRDDDDD. Mishika i lubh you pleej accept my purpojal baby (random talha lunjum lines)🐵. Arjun be like 😂😂😂 Talha anjum flirting lines bata arjun TA achha likhta hai bhai. Love wali Fr "mere ghar me ek cooler hai aur ek bistar hai uspe ek takiya hai" stfu bruh 😂 Fir gayab higaya arjun pakka screenshot bhej raha hoga Fr ye dhundh raha tha bhai. If she leaves you for another, you can go for her mother I was about to send this on 8k lol Missikha i lubh u meri jaan 🥰🥰😭😭😭 pleej say my i lubh u arjrun 😭😭😩🪄❤️❤️

"mere ghar me ek cooler hai aur ek bistar hai uspe ek takiya hai"

Sirp tumhare kam E hai missikha 😭😭❤️❤️ Arjun ok bruh. fir gayab, screenshot bhejne laga ok bro. bye. Maine arjun se puchha bus line me, kyu pasand hai bhai mishika? Pata nahi bhai uske bare me sochke dil dhak dhak karta hai, bad achhi lagti hai, says arjun Jao bhejo screenshots Arjun after listening to lunjum for 24 hours straight: "allahu akbar mishika hamse lugayi karlo inshallah hum tumse mohobbat karte hai 🏳‍🌈" Pleej lubh karlo 😭😭😭❤️❤️ Pleej 🙏 Missikha pleej 😭🙏 lagta hai bulk me screenshots bhej raha hai Context ki kami hai kya + she blocked arjun, telegram pe arjun ki bhejne se fat jayegi Plaksha ko jarur bhejega Haa bhej raha hai Aaya bhi nahi abhi taj Wholesale me screenshots bhej raha hai "Koi baat nahi itne pyar se bola hai to mujhe usse baat jarur karni chahiye 🥰" arjun ki jalke rakh hojayegi fir to Bro is a snitch bruh. just end this please i ain't doing anything. bye. Achha bye 😂 Lol 8k wala group pakad le Chhodo bhai Ye sab waha mat karna Kal wo keh rahi thi "kitna troll karte ho yr tum log use" Kon Bol rahi thhi Not mishika Palak paneer? Rcb vs csk Aa rha Are haa I dont text her Are to kon hai This message was deleted Ok WhatsApp should add a feature to disable screenshots in a group Instagram For trolling purposes In any chat Chamaro ka massiah cheesus 🧀 us who? Mishika nhi thi then who? Arjun dont send any screenshots or leak chats i ain't doing it bro. wth. 😭 Please. Snitching isnt cool bro. i ain't doing it. mai kal nahi aaunga. Nalle sale first day kon chhuti marta hai bahar jana hai. suno kal sabka number collect kar lena. 10 S ka ek personal group banayenge. Tu kar mai nahi aaunga kal. Parso kar lena maine baad me realise kiya but i did the most NPC thing one can do. i got to every person in the class, introduced myself and shook hands with them. literally every one. Ok I told you about this the day I saw them together btw  my belated congratulations for your relationship with Plaksha may God blast you both with property and harmones Niggas what the hell happened in this group while I was gone And btw  write a song to get Mishika to fall in love with you But make sure to put lehenga mae in the beginning of the song For example lehenga mae leviathan Lehenga mae baad Lehenga mae free fire Lehenga mae sabji Krishna Woh paneer ? Bc now I feel ashamed for Cristiano to have such fans who do not implement his mindset in their daily lives Yes Messi >>> Bro you don't even watch football so better sit this out Ik but Messi >>> tere dost hamesha diya ki hi bate kyu karte rehte hai? Bas isi topic pe tu unse baat karta hai? Kyuki ussne sabko diya hai Ussne jag ko diya dikhaya Messi betwtr No matter what you compare, stats? Trophies? Playstyle. Messi outshines ronaldo all time. It was never a debate Real (i dont know shit) Messi better Its like comparing kohli to yuvraj singh, obv yuvraj on top but they still compare because kohli has a big fanbase full of kids Riyal cms has free gym We can use it anytime before or after the school Says some of my friends I am gonna ask some people around if this is true Lekin bc gym instructor hi mota hai sala Pata chala tum bench press karte karte dab gaye toh woh utha hi na paye Bolega sirf rod se karo 10 rep failure aye na aye usse farak nahi padta Wahi toh 11th mae tum kahan tak gym aaoge ? 29/03/25, 7:38 pm - OG Ojas: Dono sath mae chala jayega 11th me dekha jayega Alambagh side ya firr krishna nagar tak roz metro sae aajana baki mae utha lunga 2 ch in bio and 2 in chem done mujhe chidhate hai. 😭 Bro really told them that she is his girlfriend ? diya likha hai. 1 chapter of eco done which is equivalent to 4 chapters in the course before 2019 session Don't you remember when you told me to be quiet about Mishika around your friends cause you told them she was your girlfriend And you like it Thats all you talk about with them Your brain is cooked wtf no. no. khana badosh album >>> No says the person who hasn't even listened to it. History first chapter is so long 4 pgs left Ikr I completed it yesterday Kal chhutti nahi hai kya ? honi to chahiye. This message was deleted more proof:
Plaksha wants to do upsc YET she joined allen section (jee/neet) Guess why Plaksha doesn't want to do upsc she wants to do Arjun Hai kal chutti Exactly because of her mother's choices. wtf. fuck no. you guys actually think a girl would like me? ok. Ask her that srsly this was the only excuse she could make up? it's the real reason bro. 😭 Yes, if the girl looks like plaksha Nigga thats not even a valid reason what kind of a reply is that. take it back. you don't disrespect her. bhai ye dono meri class me chumma chati karenge yaar wtf bro. 😭 This message was deleted thats literally all the evidence you need hell na bro. Bajrang dal ka number likho Likho 98... True True Laathi leke betho class mae maine baal ekdum chote karva liye, aur 1 number pe trimmer chala diya much pe. i don't even look human now. what do i do? Nah God knows nigga And that is exactly who I am Tatti khale So what you need to do is grow your hairs God knows everyone, not only nigga i didn't knew. You are nigga Thanks cause Krishna bhagwan was also black And bruh I am not even brown i thought he was brown kind of? Forget about being black This message was deleted Nah ok. Who cares Yes Saavla yea, exactly. Seva kunj gaye the? Krishna and radha still come there Ok so back to the topic Maine Plaksha ko tease kiya ki aaj tumhara bf() nahi aaya toh bhai frustrate hoke boli chup raho Kuch toh chakkar hai babu bhaiya Ya firr directly ladki ka chakkar hai Babu to plaksha arjun ko bolti hogi kindly confirm Im sending palak ki sabji photo on 8k and tagging arjun Nah, zyada ho jayega bruh, no. Plaksha Arjun kae ilawa kisi aur ladke kae sath nahi ghumti hai Loyal toh hai Aur yaad hai Arjun ka defence bhi kar rahi thi against our insults towards him Bhai mae toh bol raha hu dono ki shaadi karwa do Yes Dahej tum dedena Fair and lovely ki cream Remember one screenshot arjun sent in which she said "kash tum ishaan ke jagah hote" Dono ko apna future bright dikhega Kuch nhi hone wala Nigga ki jodi Aankho me thodi lagaenge Arjun wets Plaksha kindly send it again No Bright skin bright ideas Its the reverse Yeah true Both will play scissors any ideas for your wedding ? let's discuss about the Dahej Alimony kon dega Kyuki wo to confirm dena hi h Court decide karega shaadi kae baare mae sochke geela hogaya tabhi koi message nahi kar raha bruh you guys know that aint the truth. thats why all the teasing. We demand the truth then Plaksha tere paas rone kyu aayi jab uska aur Ishaan ka break up hua tha toh Srsly, i know this is the truth she's my girl bestfriend. Best hata do it aint a thing to be proud of she doesnt even look good wtf is your problem bro. just shut up. Nigga got offended cuz i said she doesnt look good 😂 Hell naahhh Girl >> bros? Okay bruh she likes ishaan. mai kaha se aagaya bich me? I understand, she is ur gf, you wont hear shit about her Breakup ho chuka h, ab tu hi uska pati hai Buffalo loves monkey shut it bro. just stop. bhai vo usko abhi bhi pasand karti hai. plus mai sirf best friend hu. Shut up you know im saying the truth Stop hiding it bro Ab to tujhe karti h bruh. no. . This message was deleted Arjun mentality: if she rejects you, bang her best friend Arjun yaha bhi second option? Hmm waise jada hogaya isme to me bhi arjun ki side bruh, im still stuck on mishika. why the hell would i be in a relationship then? any of you guys in for CS50 Puzzle Day 2025? remember we did it last year? same thing, new puzzles. pushed changes for Instagram integration. just deploying it.
new music.



do the Instagram chat analysis for o2. Maine range last 3 years ki dal di thik hai tab bhi. Bro is secretly trying to collect data about ojas And o2 bruh. i don;t want him to get false signs and believe them. This message was deleted hows this? Good Bro really gonna see these kinda shit like ❤️🥰😶‍🌫️🤭🥵😂😅😁😐🩷💖💗💓💞💕💌 And I am not even kidding there are even more emojis just that I can't seem to remember each Should I shave today ? I mean the beard is not bearding Hmm dekhta hu I dont even listen to them now, idk why its adding in the blend 31/03/25, 1:11 pm - arjuncodess: nice. Nudge krdiya thanks. nice 168 days done. Im in Ghas foos pe attak gaya Me 2 ok. ok.

WHY ISN'T THIS GOING VIRAL. me being anxious and her being avoidant is something i sensed long ago but denied. Raftaar bhai ne kya baat boli thi BAAWE USKE MUH PE PADE JO MERE BAAP PE JAAYE. VOH SAALE KAANP KE JAAYE VO SAATH CHAAP LE JAAYE. BHAI RUBAAB KA HISSAAB BHI VO NAAPTE KAHA HAI. VO MERE NAAP LEKE RAABTE PE REHPTE KHAAYE. Yo yo. 01/04/25, 12:18 am - Agrim: Parle G Gold tastes better than Regular Parle G aaj lunch mae milna Hm Avg players

"Open source Spotify client that doesn't require Premium nor uses Electron! Available for both desktop & mobile!" you in? Yeah keep shaking I am gonna finish soon

album so good, i still listen to this twice a day. Not speaking sarcastically no This message was deleted WTH!!!! i just hope this isn;t April fools. bruh, 31st July. Total english 10th ki hai kissi kae paas ? Agar hai toh test paper one bhej do did you watch real sociadad and real madrid match? It was just I did True But bruh Idk why rma extends the match so much rather than finishing it fast Ik that it is the club of miracles but sometimes these miracles can count a great loss Aise khelenge to barca dho degi copa del rey final me.agar wo atleti ko hara de to Flick is hunting trophies while rma defence is hunting down their own goal
Like karo Sab log 1 more to go.
🔥

i see no autotune.

its always the unreleased songs.

ASOM HIT 5M VIEWS. True bruh defence is cooked without Carvajal 02/04/25, 9:02 pm - arjuncodess: ye to Pehle ka hai? abhi kaise release hua? Fr Dude, the difference is crazy You must be deaf lol. i guess, cus its perfect. out of reach sounds exactly like this. kal aa raha hai? mai to nahi aaraha. abhi just mummy se pucha. let  be the judge.

lol. i miss this show. i can;t watch it now cus the pregnancy season of mandy is going on there. Mai aa rha Hindi, eng miss nhi kar sakta I must score, bro Plus geo me topo padhayengi Dont miss topo bruh geo - boring.
hindi - neend aati hai.
english - teacher hi bekar hai. Geo- boring but baccho ko class kae beech mae roast karne mae maza aata hai
H/C- teacher ki shakal dekh kar neend aati hai
Hindi-teacher pae dhyan nahi dete
Eco-full interest
Comm-full interest
Comp-ma chudaye
Eng-teacher ki gaand maar lete hai h/c - WHY? just WHY?
ai/robotics - aata hai.
sciences + math - allen wale parso se aayenge.

project idea. 💀 "I’m on my own shit ye focus kabhi toota nai
Life on the edge, I wanna go, par mein kooda nai
Mere junoon ko jahil samjhe shouk kiyu
Sab kaan lagayein still nobody to talk too
Sabse yaadgaar raatein sabse zyada vivid (Yeah)
Sabse bade ghum hi dete sabse zyada himmat (Facts)" "mere yaaro ka iss sabar silaah mile
mai  kitna khush kismat
ghar aau wapas maa mile" 🎶 mai bhi aa hi jata hu. kal wahan pae hi milna lunch mae Aur chhutti mae bhi milna ok. Isi liye number nhi aa rhe Topo is an unmissable chapter nahi chahiye. thanks. Talha anjum 🤢🤮 barca beat atleti El classico loading Woh bhi copa del rey finals Yeah Baad me please. its worth it Abhi chem padh rha hu english ka kaam bhejo jaldi 5 min me bhej raha. tab tak theme aur title generate karva lo chatgpt se. aur prompt me bolna ki simple language me likhe. "write simple. just DAMN simple sentences. its like im talking to someone while writing it." Aaj hi valorant khela thha Im being queued in platinum lobbies, although im gold 3 03/04/25, 7:01 pm - arjuncodess: Tu kar ok. Bkl mae kyu dekhu mae toh commerce ka hu "Kato kato kato, you dont need all this f-ing shit" meme material hai. See 37:20 i just said, 37:20. Lol Baad mae ### **Title Justification**
The title **"With the Photographer"** makes sense because the whole chapter is about the narrator’s experience with a photographer. The word **"with"** shows that the narrator is directly involved in the process. It also hints at a clash between the two. The photographer wants a perfect picture, while the narrator wants to stay real. This title tells us that the story will focus on their interaction. It is simple, clear, and fits the theme.

### **Theme Justification**
The chapter shows a fight between **perfectionism** and **realism**. The photographer wants to edit every detail to make the picture perfect. The narrator does not like this. He believes photos should show real faces, not fake ones. This theme makes us think about how people change things to look better, even when it’s not needed. It also shows how different people see beauty. The photographer sees perfection as beauty, but the narrator sees truth as beauty.
🗣🔥 Iphone 17 looks trash Realesed? Model Photo bhej Wtf is air ? iPhone 17 air One of the themes is eccentric Self acceptance Artistic perfection amanpreet ma'am ne bola hai khud se likhna hai. to khud bhi likh do. Yae likh lae Criticism ### **Title Justification**
The title **"With the Photographer"** fits because the story is about the narrator’s time with a photographer. The word **"with"** hints at their interaction and differences. The photographer is **eccentric**, obsessed with **artistic perfection**, while the narrator believes in **self-acceptance** and reality. The title sets up the clash between their views. It also makes readers curious—what happens in this meeting? The simplicity of the title mirrors the narrator’s straightforward thinking, while the deeper meaning reflects the photographer’s need for control over art.

### **Theme Justification**
This chapter highlights the struggle between **artistic perfection** and **self-acceptance**. The photographer is **eccentric**, focusing on fixing every flaw. He believes perfection makes art beautiful. The narrator, however, values reality and self-acceptance. He does not want to hide his true face. This theme shows how people see beauty differently. Some chase perfection, while others embrace their flaws. It also makes us think—should art change reality or show it as it is? The story questions whether perfection is necessary or if being real is enough. ab thik hai? Mere mae bhi ditto questions hai sample paper ka hai ig. Nah scrt ka hai Something like That idk. Matlab ek particular state ki ncert In that there were questions of about 6 pages in length And 13 pages of the chapter Pretty much Bruh this is totally wrong according to the text in our book idk. idc. Nigga trying to lose marks lol ok. Ears were untouched and there were a total of 5 alternations in the picture Eyes eyebrows mouth hairline forehead were altered ok. i will just feed it the actual text from the textbook. then it would be alright. True Here are the answers based on the provided text:



1) **Where was the narrator? Why had he gone there? Why do you think that there was a certain pride in the photographer’s manner?**

- The narrator was in a **photo studio** to get his **photograph taken**.

- The photographer showed **a certain pride in his manner** because he had **heavily edited the narrator’s photograph**, altering his features to fit his own artistic vision. He was proud of his editing skills and believed he had improved the narrator’s appearance.



2) **What does the word ‘proof’ mean in this context? Why did the narrator ask, “Is it me?”**

- ‘Proof’ in this context refers to **a trial or test print of the photograph before making the final version**.

- The narrator asked, **“Is it me?”** because the **photographer had drastically changed his facial features**, making him look completely unrecognizable.



3) **Which of the narrator’s facial features had the photographer altered?**

- The photographer had altered the **eyebrows, mouth, ears, and facial hair**.

- He removed the narrator’s original eyebrows and drew new ones, adjusted his mouth, removed facial hair, and even suggested removing his ear to replace it with an artificial one.



4) **What was the only part of the narrator’s face that seemed original in the photograph?**

- Nothing seemed original in the photograph, as **almost every part of his face was edited**. The photographer had changed so much that the narrator no longer recognized himself.



5) **At the end of the story, the narrator flies into a rage. What makes him angry? How would you justify the narrator’s angry outburst?**

- The narrator was **angry** because the **photographer had completely changed his appearance**, prioritizing his editing skills over capturing the narrator’s real face. The narrator had wanted a simple, natural photograph that would remind his friends of him after his death, but the photographer ignored his wishes.

- His **anger is justified** because he felt **disrespected and unseen**—his face was not merely a thing to be fixed but a part of his identity. The photographer's excessive alterations made the narrator feel like a stranger in his own photograph.



Let me know if you need any refinements! ye sahi wala hai. I dont need hit songs, i need songs that hit me
Kya bola hai kavi ne one of them. one of them. ? songs that hit you. ask your pasandida aurat about the movie Ramaiya vastavaiya and if she says that she likes it then tell her that your favourite songs from that movie is bairiyaa,rang jo lagyo rae,jeene laga hoon,and picha chutte trust me this works every time and thank me later I am literally listening to them cause it is my favourite movie but when I asked O2 to watch it she really liked it So maybe your girl will also like it we are the only ones suffering bro. ? Not her taste reportedly  also has a girl. Who reported this idk. what's this then? This message was deleted Fake news bruh. what did you get with that lame cringy reply? ok. ? Ok dont leak screenshots So do I You're the one left bruh Its been 4months nigga kaun ha lekin new boots lene hai nike ke 6 hazar ke andar konse le sakta hu? No body 👃 For rough ground, ball control 🤥 This emoji? Yes Nose Arjun hi rehta h Bata raha ek second What is your playstyle? 03/04/25, 9:02 pm - OG Ojas: I mean you are a defender so all you need is grip And most probably will only need some shooting advantages And a defender never dribbles only clears the ball or creates spaces so is this what you need ? And do you want studs which will enhance your speed or you need the ones which will only get you to defend properly I mean a defender doesn't need speed cause they should always mark the player And besides the speed difference will be of some milliseconds so not to even get flustered about that 03/04/25, 9:26 pm - arjuncodess: LFG. Send again likh liye? Yes ok. thanks. subah de dena. 11% body fat With visible abs now And nice cuts in arms Diddy Van dijk 💦💦💦💦 Ok Lemme suggest Arms are a weak point You suffer from skinny low body fat or don't know what it is called You should get the tiempo 10 Best for your budget Else get superfly 10 for 24k David laid effect Anti fat metabolism I was thinking the same that's you? Hmm Yeah Screenshot mat bhejiyo plaksha ko Kisi ko mat bhejiyo meri shirtless photo Plij Dont snitch nigga bruh, why would i? this is a shoe? Yeah 11850 ka mere 500 wale better hai. IT'S HERE BRO!!! ? first love part 2. 60 rs ki membership ledo. Allen ka schedule aaya hai? No Hyper sprinters aaj meet hojaye? Ok Team banani h na? Questions are out? haa. vo last me hota hai. Done abhi individually register karna hoga. Registered you too please. yea. Discord pe aja agar ques aa gye h to ofc. today is 4th. unemployed gang wala na? \ Yes Aa rha mai ### **1) What did the photographer do? Why was he in the machine only for a second? What was frantic for apparently?**
The photographer rolled a machine into the center of the room and crawled into it from behind. He was inside the machine for only a second because he was adjusting the focus or preparing the camera for the photograph. He appeared frantic because he was concentrating on setting up the shot quickly and efficiently.

### **2) Why did the narrator keep still when the photographer crawled back into the machine again? How did the photographer look when he came out at last?**
The narrator kept still because he thought it was necessary for the photograph to be taken properly. He assumed that any movement might ruin the picture. When the photographer finally came out, he looked satisfied, as if he had completed his work successfully.

### **3) What did the photographer remark about the narrator’s face then? How did the narrator respond? What made him glad?**
The photographer criticized the narrator’s face, pointing out various flaws such as his ears and mouth. He suggested adjusting them to make the portrait look better. The narrator was annoyed and insulted by these remarks but did not argue. He was glad when the session was finally over and he could leave.

### **4) Towards the end of the story, what was the reaction of the narrator on receiving the photograph? Why did he react in such a manner? Why does he call the photograph a ‘worthless bauble’?**
When the narrator received the photograph, he was shocked and disappointed. The photographer had altered his face so much that he could not recognize himself. He reacted with frustration because the photograph did not represent him at all. He called it a ‘worthless bauble’ because it was meaningless to him—it was no longer his real face, just an artificial version created by the photographer.

### **5) What do you think about the photographer from his activities in the extract? Give one reason to support your answer. What is the theme of the story “With the Photographer”?**
The photographer seems overly focused on technical perfection rather than capturing the subject’s true likeness. He is critical and insensitive, making unnecessary changes to the narrator’s face. This shows that he prioritizes his artistic vision over the emotions of his customers.

The theme of the story revolves around **vanity, the unrealistic standards of beauty, and the frustration of not being seen for who we truly are**. It highlights how people try to alter reality to fit an idealized version, often leading to dissatisfaction. ye sahi hai. check kar le. Aau? abhi nahi. 6 baje se karenge. Ki nhi . . de bruyne left city Is leaving* damn bro. ENEMIES of the KARAM album is just 🔥 aajao. Ok aao? 04/04/25, 6:07 pm - Agrim: Yaar padh raha hu ok. Prolly gonna join the Saudi or MLS
MLS most probably cause of his specifications So far its ez, the real part begins after this yea. aajao. BRO WTF. I OPENED THE SOURCES TAB FOR FUN AND GOT THE SOURCE CODE, ITS PURE HTML, CSS AND JS. guess what i found. // TODO: SHOULD WE SAY IF THE ANSWER IS THE MINIMUM NUMBER OF MOVES??? i think no, thats part of the puzzle. so we need to get the minimum number of moves. like this: 0100 and then get the letter from the grid. like this is for the first, so the letter should be D. Im downloading duolingo 04/04/25, 9:24 pm - Pratyuush 👽: Japanese? jaldi aa. 04/04/25, 9:24 pm - Pratyuush 👽: Kal Japanese sikhta hu jaldi aa bhai. Nhi aa sakta 04/04/25, 11:20 pm - arjuncodess: rdj ka bday hai aaj. yo bro i ate 3 fuckin medium pizzas (paneer), then 1 whole stuffed garlic bread, then a 500ml bottle of coke zero cause why not? But i played football so i burned alot of cals 3 slices or whole pizza ? Big fast food meals I eat like 2-3 times a week and still at 15% body fat Whole 6×3 3 whole pizzas ? Yeah 18 slices Exactly Brooooo Overkill Sam sulek bulking type shit That took like 1hr to eat but still I also ate the 6 in 1 pizza today But i play alot of football, i burned 1200kcals while playing football But around 20 slices are still left So yeah Hmm 35 hoti hai Is something wrong with my body or anything Maine sirf 5 khayi Baaki sab 6 logo mae baat diya I dont gain fat, sugar causes acne tho Ghar pe akela hu order krliya Saste me agaya Bruh eat fast food once a week if you crave so much I generally try eating healthy Sometimes i quit eating all of these for weeks Like eating fruits for lunch now And only eat eggs, and protien shakes Keto diet Lean meats too I also eat those rice with zero fat The only fruits i est are high calorie ones, bananas and avocados Idk what is the variety though Likha hoga I eat all fruits like a fruit salad with curd I make oats bowls with yogurts full fat ofc And generally have only 1 meal per day if we don't count lunch I will push my body fat % to prolly 9 or 8 Then completely stop Dont It will destroy your testosterone Stay between 10-15 It will be good I am 11 rn DILLI KA LAUNDA KARE JAPAN ME CHILL. So only 1 more to go now ARIGATO, KARTA HU MAI AARAM SE KILL. BEEN RUNNING THE GAME, TO MUJHE MAIDAN ME MIL. Cool Seedhe maut ka concert hai lko mae Is it difficult to lose fat for you? Nah 🗣️🔥 Cardio with strength training is the best Same, i dont even gain it, not even visceral Football on top True Hafte me ekbar swimming bhi jaata hu 1 hour of football and you have done all your cardio I swim like 1km once a week Mae har subhe athletics karta hun So yeah all the exercises and sprints are help in strength and cardio as well Amazing Same I will go to gym in order to get in shape Sports is too good to miss Any type of physical activity I aspire the body of a influencer gymxlean Nice This guy has the best physique ngl But honestly you shouldn't be below 10%bf if you're not training for a short term event like bodybuilding Perfect aesthetic and strong Ikr I think, i like ian barseagle The 95kg/188cm Muscle up king I really would like to look like him Yeah ik He is pretty strong Just googled him Hes pretty strong for his size I mean he has weighted pullup of 90kg + his own 95 kg bw Gn bruh gotta fix my sleep schedule from Sunday I need to get a total of 9 hours of sleep everyday Same bruh, adolescence is absolute shit. what kind of a story is this? aajao. Baad me 05/04/25, 6:19 pm - Pratyuush 👽: Phriend should be renamed to nonsense. My niggas avengers doomsday is releasing may 1 2026 so we can watch it after our boards and around that time, a spider man movie too is coming ig. Ig it was in 2027 beyond the spider verse no, another live action. brand new day this is the title. fuck you both. snitchers. ? Look whos calling us snitches forgot about puzzle day. its the second last day today. Most excited for the batman 2 me: beyond the spider verse. Kisi ne minecraft movie dekhi kya Its released? 0 hype Cuz they ruined it in the trailer Haa 4 apr ko hui thhi shayad Why is steve fat Fairy land ahh movie Yeah its trash, i cant see any hype Mera dost shyad dekhne gya h
Bro woke up and destroyed an entire community

alex and steve. false. no artist calls out another artist in their song names. Obv its sarcasm nigga I played a game which is not in existence in my dream the name of the game was enchanted soul of the demon king it started with the death of the demon king and his soul was split into 10 parts and you were playing as the 10 th part where as the other 9 parts were converted into selfish parts who wanted to ascend the throne and we had to kill all of them to regain some fragments of our true power and in the end defeat Baran the final boss in order to get the throne I played such a goat game which was literally self made by my mind nike tiempo legend 10 good for cb? Yep They provide nice agility and grip Fullback me bhi use kar sakta hu? + they are most padded and are most durable Yep those are versatile which ones do you use? Depends on the intensity of the game I have different boots for different grounds If it is till district level then phantom gt2 My multi ground one got stolen Soft ground hard ground pe use nahi karte It damages the steel Aur training ke liye alag hai If state level then predator elite And if national then I wear mercurial vapour or super fly For training I go barefoot As it is the best And if my coach asks me to then I wear some turf shoes cause they are some of the best Same, training barefoot just feels human soch rha hu cms ki gym karke ghar jaya karu school ke baad Ek dost bata rha tha ki wo dekhne gya tha, thik thak hai karne layak Plus free hai Bhai mae wahan Jaa chuka hun aur exercise bhi kar chuka hun Mera to roz ka hai Kaisa h Bench hai? Weights kaise h Equipments bohot rough hai Expected Use gloves Free ki chiz sae kya expect kar sakte hai What about neck Free? Nigga we pay 2 lakh+ fees per year Hm When you will do squats your neck will be bruised Yea Ik but still Karna hai? Bata But still ig we should give it a try Ok Kal milna Chutti kae time Chala jayega dekhne AUR BSDK CHUTTI TIME KAHA MAR JATA HAI Aaj school nahi aaya tha JHATU HAME BOLTA HAI WAIT KARO AUR APNE BHAG JATA HAI Saturday? Saturday ko bsdk 30 min ghumke gaye the yaad nahi ? Friday? Thursday? Nahi mila tha Gandu Tum saalo ki class mere se pehle nikalti hai laadu bomb kal chutti kae time tin shed kae nicche khade hona Agar 5 min sae jada wait karna padega mujhe toh mae chala jaunga Ok "i will pay back with photos" ☠ woh kal apne mummy papa sae bata dena ki gym dekhne jaoge toh thoda late hojayega mujhe bhi papa sae batana padega ki 10-20 minute baad aaye Ok Men dont complain about those bruh What are you gonna do with soft palms? Give blowjobs? Nigga how are you gonna lift weights if you don't have hands to lift them Most iron equipment is rough, i dont have any problem with it When I say Rough I mean with some weights with rust on them If its rusted Then avoid touching it Stairway to tetanus And that to the bar is not plane it is striped Cms me gym bhi thha mujhe pata bhi nahi thha Mae har roz subbha jata hun cause of Athletics School me kaha hai Kis side? wth. this one is actually true. see this. Bruh the thumbnail Woh jo primary building hai uske basement mae . Kabse bhai... New hai? Theyre just using old equipment Refurbished one I remember they got a dumbbell which was so slippery the weights kept falling off Old hai Pehle gym kahi aur tha But later it was shifted Achha Basement mae cricket nets taekwondo aur baaki bakchodi bhi hoti hai Do they have all equipment? Barbells, dumbells, kettlebells, cables, machines, pullup/dip station? Never saw a cable machine there Aur 10kg ke uppar ke dumbells honge? I dont think anyone in this group db bench presses less than 20kg each side There is a pull up bar Good Han 10 kg sae upper 40 tak honge pakka But not dip ones Ig Achha Plates 20 20 kg ki hai 25? With 20 kg rod Max 25 tak hoti hai Han 25 nahi hai? I never saw those but they might be there Aur tum log chaho to weighted pullups kar sakoge? No chains Hmm Aur machines? Machines nahi hai Jaise leg extension - leg curl, smith machine Etc Only treadmill Bas? Ig Atleast stairmaster to hota Nah Kuch nahi hai Nigga its a fake account why tf are you so pervert Stairmaster is really cool Pure weights centric gym 200 wali gym basically Typicall garage gym? You can say that Worse Even my home gym is better tbh But i dont have barbell For every exercise you will have to use dumbbells and bruh we can just do those exercises at home Good thing is that it had those inclined seats Compensate that with a mini cable station and dip bars (yes i have weight belt, you can add  weight) Bench to hongi bruh Oh and it also has that cycle thing Better than nothing tho Dumbells se bhi kafi kuch ho jata hai Bas weight enough ho Han Kyuki dumbells max out hojate hai Chal bye ab match khelne ja raha Bye Me to 7 baje jata hu Mae 5 baaje jaunga aur 8 baaje tak aaunga kyuki pehle 10-12 km ki Jog karni hoti hai then 30 mins of warm up then ball control drills and then we play a match bruh, i wasn't even considering doing it. i just shared it because its all so funny. tumhari allen ki classes subhe subhe chalu hojati hai ? Agar tumhari allen ki class 8:20 tak chalu hoti hai then I would recommend you to join athletics with me For cardio It is really beneficial Just look at me I have lost so many calories because of it No No This message was deleted Bhy ? Mah lyf mah rulz You can do it in the assembly time rather than wasting your energy just standing and listening to bullshit Get a new lyf From 7:20 to 8:20 only I dont wanna be smelly for the entire day Morning exercise nahane se pehle ki jati h Bruh you can carry perfume And apply them anytime 💀 I carry perfume every day and also some other amenities for maintaining hygiene So what do you say ? If you wanna join then get in the ground by 7:20 highly recommended for you as well You will get somewhere from nowhere what? And plus it is a waste to put your height not in sports Athletics You will have to do totally burning exercises and plus 1 km of sprints divided into 10 parts of 100 meters each I recommend that we should postpone the plan to see the gym to day after tomorrow cause after day after tomorrow there will be a holiday and we can sort everything out without wasting so much of our time why? Yes I dont wanna be smelly For building some muscles and level up your looks null Cause nigga you ugly and skinny af And there are some girls whom you can look up Arjun is skinny fat Nah bro is only skinny Carry a damn perfume nigga Or borrow from me Stomach fat little Bro, perfume sucks I prefer being natural in every field This message was deleted Got dark mb Also it wont cover the sweat smell, just a fragrant mess over it Bruh then carry a itar Or there is a washing system there ? Btw im learning japanese Wait On duolingo Orewa Mishra Ojas Wasn't the owl killed recently? anata wa simp desu Arjun is a simp I understand it I have been watching animes so I know some japanese Ok No They confirmed hes alive Oh I saw him getting fried in one reel So just confirming Duolingo is languagepaglu No one can defeat the owl No You don't know about the legendary battle between Duolingo and the smurf cat So lemme begin About a 1000 years ago Padhle bhai When the world was in grave danger There stood two monarchs to save everyone and bring peace to the society Those two were smurf cat and Duolingo Smurf cat excelled in physical prowess And Duolingo in mental and quick thinking Both joined forces in order to save the world But Duolingo had other plans Duolingo took advantage of the smurf cat and betrayed him with the help of his intelligence Peak unemployed: Duolingo wanted power and every resource in the entire world to himself Whereas the smurf cat wanted the world to be peaceful for their upcoming generations After saving every living being from extinction and restoring the order the smurf cat was accused of false charges And Duolingo presented false evidences Smurf cat was betrayed And most of the people of the world did not believe him even though he saved the world But some people still supported the smurf cat due to which he wasn't executed He was banished All alone But he wanted revenge and save the world from the evil deeds of Duolingo Smurf cat trained for a century His intelligence far surpassed everyone Even Duolingo's And then he returned to the kingdom which was now on the verge of collapse as Duolingo had become a dictator He misused his powers And no one dared to speak against him Smurf cat and Duolingo fought for over 500 years The Smurf cat slowly regained all the territories under his control Without reading, i can say smurf cat lost And then Duolingo and the smurf cat both faced eachother in their last battle The battle was named the legendary battle  for the future After fighting for another century the terror of Duolingo's dictatorship was brought to an end Smurf cat had finally achieved it His aim and revenge all were completed sell me the deal. what does it take and what does it return? He didn't execute Duolingo though he banished him instead Under the smurf cat the world strived and the smurf cat laid down the outline for today's society This was the legendary battle between Duolingo and the smurf cat . Some legends say that Duolingo is now trying to brainwash people and bring them to his side so that he can launch an all out attack This is the end This message was deleted what deal Smurf cat is still controlling the society in order to keep it going Duolingo will attack again and when he does smurf cat will stop him Without a fail Cause he lives
he loves
he lies What deal my nigga ? . tryna use the hood language. i can tell i failed. It takes hard work and persistence from you and returns discipline,nice mentality,some muscles,and a proper routine Pretty beneficial For you If you ask me But you are totally free to decline okay. and what is the school thing? It gives one more result which might catch your interest School thing ? you were talking about that school gym, right? what about it? That is not for you my nigga First do some basic exercises Then think about that Otherwise you will snap your arms into two what? Gym You won't be able to handle the pressure of weights no, what's this? You might get attention from girls and those girls with 2 big reasons *attention. Yeah just read that what 2 reasons? You can understand it nigga think out of your masterbation I mean I get a lot of attention but I still turn it down bruh didn;t even get the second half of the sentence. Bruh I mean boobs I am happy with my 2 small reasons bruh delete that. Nope People should know Toh bata karega athletics but bruh, i can't do it at my home. What ? tried it, 2 3 din ke baad L lag jate hai. Bc toh recover hone kae liye protein khana hota hai Your body is not a machine And workout only 5 days a week ghar ka khana >>> If you can't do 6 Please dont try ever again Toh bsdk ghar kae khanne mae hi protein hota hai Hum log konsa bahar ka pelte hai ok. to mere paas konse paise hote hai bahar khane ke. vahi to baat hogyi fir. Toh bc ghar kae khaane mae paneer intake badha le Soya chunks kha And other things with protein paneer mahine me ek baar milta hai. wdym intake badha le. paneer = 💸 *real Bhai tu ghar ka kutta hai kya ? mera bhai bhi hai fir. Mere ghar mae toh kutton ko 500 gram panner jata hai roz Mummy sae bol badha dengi Nahi toh firr soya chunks kha le Aur bc 2 kattori dal pee lea kar apne ghar me rakh le bhai. yaha 6 mahine bhindi, aur 6 mahine gobhi. 4 time khana kam hai kya? how do you guys manage everything? Protein matters bro it doesn't matter how many times you stuff your face I eat only 1 meal a day or 2 if we count lunch at school Bruh ask your mom to put something else in your diet Otherwise koi bhi uda dega tujhe wdym diet bro. ghar me khana mil raha hai badi baat hai. mere jaise lungoor ko pal rahe hai, zinda hu kam se kam. Bruh my mother literally scolds me when I don't eat something according to my diet Bhai koi self respect hai ? I am not asking you to protest my mom be like: achha hai, khana nahi banana padega. But bruh this way you are only destroying yourself whats that? Jo Mishika nae tere sae cheen liya pehli bhi nahi thi. nvm. When your mom is so Frank about your love live with her then she should also know why your love life is so fucked up wait. i never thought that I am literally dropping the best advice here and you are not even trying to adhere to it how do you even survive with 2 meals/day and ig you stay awake longer than me. Reading books while also not implementing their knowledge in real life is a waste of resources I stay up for 16 hours a day And 8 hours of sleep HOW THE HELL YOU GET 8 HOURS SLEEP. i get max to max 5 hours. And not to mention I do more physical work I sleep by 10 or 9 Today it may be 10 you casually stay awake till 12 or 1. why lying? nvm. i may be wrong. On holidays Yeas let me get this straight. tu 6 baje uthta hai? like literally? I even go to play early morning matches at 4 am or 5 am Yes bas bhai bas. mera dimag phat raha hai. Bruh just use some knowledge of the books And change your life so you:
- sleep at 9/10 and wake up at 6 (8 hours sleep)
- have 2 meals / day
- a whole lot of protein
- and you do all the exercises and athletics stuff. Certainly yes On Sunday only 1 meal bhai tu jate hi so jata hai kya? Not only protein but also other nutrients 30 mins ghante se Pehle to aankhe nahi jhapakti meri. Nah oh i get it. cus of the physical work. Detox your mind makes sense now Never use mobile before speaking *sleeping Yeah The autocorrect is a fucker share some tips my niggas LAME JOKE SPOILER. looks like an auto-incorrect. ? 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣 Bruh just drop some advice on self improvement And bruh one more advice Always do your tasks when you don't feel like doing them Bruh O2 literally disappeared from insta and is probably studying and yet she scores so less whereas I never study except for the night before exams some sky pics This message was deleted This message was deleted This message was deleted Mid But ok Use pro mode For better features Backgrounds for captions Yea sure Too blurry Bruh Thats why for captions Lemme send an example See this Nah mines much better lil bro Ye dekh Not so good Wait No way this i better than This This is normal Mid This better Bro just keeps up mouthing himself like fr bro do you even have anyone appreciating your photography Bro just self proclaims his photos the best Bruh football for today literally ruined my sleep schedule you know thats not a flex. that i know. Never intended for it to be I mean your mind perceived it as a flex so not my fault great way to flip the thing on the other person. i've noted it. can be used in arguments. null Havent HD them Arjun wa shiroi desu ka? i ie, arjun wa chutiya desu 200g chicken breast, ₹70, youll get 62 grams of high quality protien Keep in mind quality of protien is different in foods Animal based sources being on top Arjun's mom is the goat Best 🐐 just start using notion to prep your meals my nigga, something thats easy to make, like milkshakes, eggs, etc which have high ammounts of protiens and healthy fats so you gain muscle Also if possible consume eggs atleast, even tho you're vegetarian Or go with soy, (mind it that it comes with estrogen like effects) Didnt you just do the same? Irony jj park me chhuti hogi "Desu" bro said it politely, lol mujhe abhi tak ye baat hazam nahi ho rahi.

best in hand combat, after the captain america and winter soldier's one.

SPIDER NOIR MINI SHOW? i don't need to workout, im spider man. You're chutiya You look like Bengal famine victims You're skinny enough to be a good dancer in bacha baazi send your application for the gym Aur gym kal sae nahi karega na ? Baad mae karenge Kal ke next day School ke baad 30 mins 4 ladke aur h, i fear zyada log jo jayenge Including arjun, he said karega Not confirm Agar wo nhi kiya to 3 aur hai, aur ek aur ka 100 percent sure nhi h hope for the best. bhai, literally ekdum perfect school day tha aaj ka. maza aagyi. aaj ka journal likhne me bohot maza aayegi. ye dono gaane sun, snippet me to badhiya the. The best is you joining gym and beating your laziness IMPROVE. Kya hua We played with class 6 kids XD Ngl it was fun 1.5 hrs games period Bahut bakchxdi kari 10th me kaise mil gaya Envy Hamari class ke bacho ko to baraf pani bacho ki game lagti hai 🤡 Tuesday ko allen nhi rehta hai, 3.5 hrs lagatar arrangements To dubara hone ki high possibility hai It's a kid game untill they are out of breath in 2 minutes Yes Sahi hai Anyways, we played it with kids Lol Ye arjun bhi gym join karega tumhare sath? Haa, bol to rha h, school ki free gym hai Kafi achhi hai ngl Bench wagera sab hai Tricep pull wali machine wagera sab kuch Aisa kaise hi sakta hai 😖 Parso se start kar rhe hai Cables bhi hai? Sab Yes Achha Sahi hai yaar Hm AC? Ngl i didn't expect this from cms Obv Noice Jabtak me cms thha ek baar bhi class me ac nahi mila Mujhe bhi parso hi pata chala, pehle to bekar thi Old building me hai, renovate hui hai puri building, to gym bhi ho gyi Lol, its full ac now Hamari class me bhi h Haa wo pata hai but gym nahi pata thha Hat yaar behenchod itne saal garmi me raha me Badhiya renovate hui h building puri Firbhi 9000 fees di 1440 transport alag Finally, going to a gym Gym wale sir khud mote hai 💀 PRs batana apne apne Yes yes Dont expect much, bench wagera kabhi nhi kiya, not my fault, equipment hi nahi mili proper kal application la rha h? mera ek do din delay rakho. mai likhva leta hu, but ek do baad se karunga. vo bus wala confirm karna hai, sarthak se. Wo kab dega? Sign karva ke le aa, agar dega to tu bhi de diyo plus all the badmoshi.  aur ek bande ki vajah se eno khana pada. straight out of the packet. bruh, mu me jal raha tha. YES, MAI TO BATANA HI BHUL GAYA Plaksha ke samne arjun ko maine plaksha ki kasam di ki eno khao Wo kha gaya sada eno

ab karo isko viral. this song is really good. Ek aur ladke ke hath me packet tha aur usse plaksha bol rhi thi ki arjun ne khaya hai to Wo bhi khayegi Wo ladka mana kar raha tha Par plaksha zabardasti khayi Gross 😝 Arjun uske haath se hata rha tha, ki mat khao plaksha Care dekh rahe ho? Theyre helicopter lovers Lol "The Helicopter Couple" Movie banao bhai Boli arjun ne khaya hai na, to mai bhi khaungi Chhee Bhai expired eno Bros speedrunning diarhhea? wtf expired tha? Idk? nah it wasn't. YESSSSS you can holla at dolla, real shot colla. chahiye tumhe baller, im the one that you call up.

WE NEED TO PLAN THIS ONE FOR SURE. Plus he said flexcited, means its a flex song Krsna expected Ye bhej lawde Copy paste kardunga bas name change karunga Aur aaj O2 online aayi thi maza agaya duniya bhar ki saari baatein Kari DM dekh na Akhiya me ladwa pele ho ka be No release year dekh pehle, aur music sun ek baar. No ok. Inshallah pakistani music humara khoon seh nahi sakta so khanabadosh is from 2021. that time, no one was doing this stuff at THIS level. the beats still sound fresh. and match the current vibe. koi gym kae liye supplements loge tum ? Gloves only Mae gloves nahi use karunga For better grip Fuck my hands What more could you possibly buy I mean supplements Like protein powder Or creatine and stuff Ig I won't be buying You will change after 4 days Never Stay natural Bro supplements are necessary for actual body building but if you want to just stay fit then do 100% natural Alr I am gonna go do some work now send allen schedule.
Why is this actually good 😭 nike mile nahi Adidas copa pure 3 le liye Photo baadme bhejdunga 5600 ke mile 👍 the only 5 actually good songs from "ek tha raja"

UMAIR DROPPED. pure production. is it only me or prajina's voice is addictive. Bruh a guy from my team literally said that we cannot win against the opps Like bruh fr you haven't even played the match yet Peak self demotivation But we won Bro was like Arjun
Nahh Guys, we gotta watch it Bruh people are literally going crazy in the theatres They are throwing popcorn cold drinks all over the place Btw  sath mae chala jayega gym Application dene Class me dena h application chutiye Sir ko nhi Matlab ? Class teacher ko dena hai ? 08/04/25, 9:58 pm - Pratyuush 👽: Ha Abbe meri class teacher Anjana hai aur woh board checking pae gayi hai Mera acting class teacher rkp hai toh usko dedu ? Aur ye gym wala inform kaise honga ki hum log join kar rahe hai ? Aur kal bhai wahi milna Jahan aaj mile the Haa This message was deleted Use application jayega, aaj bata bhi diya tha humne use Nahh im watching it Hi hi.

see this. let's do the gym in the morning No Cause we won't be any condition to do it in the afternoon Not possible+not good It is good bruh We will be No And possible I wont Meri mummy bol Rahi hai ki tum itni dur sae jaoge thak jaoge Firr iss saal boards bhi hai Toh padh nahi paoge Mummy papa ko try karunga manane ka Bas Maan Jaye Mummy toh bol rahi hai gym hi mat karo Mai nhi karunga subha Wah Bol na fitness ke liye h Cuz some of her trusted friends told her it is not good for a teenager I told her that none of her friends are doctor so why listen to them About all this shity stuff and just lemme do it Firr bol rahi ki acha kar lo lekin subha Lekin mae shaam ko hi karunga 😡 Papa ko mana lunga Bhai kaam karne jao toh kanun batane wale bahot milte hai null Mummy ko ye dikha de This message was deleted Prompt: Mishika kya bolti h arjun ke bare me Ye kon hai Atulya Ha wahi kon hai aaj ek local match me jaana hai Thi to class me Me mila hu isse kabhi? Yes 6th se thi Bruh, no one was there named "atulya" You have forgotten the Then* Photo dikhao Yaad ajayega School photograph h 7th ki? Bed se nikalni padegi Ok Jo bhi photo mile Tu dekhle Ek sec Atulya wo braids wali ladki? Mishika plaksha ki dost? This message was deleted Braids kya hota h Haa Chinese jhaalar Neetu ma'am wala dialogue Haa, uski wajah se ekbar me daat khaya thha maths period me, mujhe, isko aur hitler ko bahar khada kardiya thha ik. same. subah kaise aaunga? Tu toh 5 baje uthta hai waise bhi Fr Dopahar me best h Haa waise sahi kaha bus se aata hu. Me bhi after school Subha subha sweaty ho jayenge Fir smell ayegi Chi chi Subah sawere man bhi nahi karta Dupeher me after school tum log ghar jake naha sakte ho aaram se btw gumroad is also open source. > build a very great alternative to a damn very popular browser.
> adds ad blocker.
> makes the code open source.

i know a gigachad dev when i see one. btw brave was built by the same dev who build javascript. 🤯 everytime someone says to join the gym in the morning: badbu, chi chi. 🤮🤮 Am i wrong tho? This message was deleted no. ars vs rmd dekha thha? Kya karegi teri team bhai Aur rice masterclass marc lou arc shuru hoga ab. some company forked this repo, submitted to a hackathon kind of thing and won. lol. subah uthke leetcode karta hu mai. inn sab ke alawa kuch jaanne ki zrurat hai? Never W list Ask it for basic terms like reps, sets. And basic common muscles vo padh liya. aur equipments ki bhi photos dekh li. 👍 Ask it to debise a time table for a week already done. Send Dekha hai bhai and Ik that rma is gonna bottle this time but there is still a chance for comeback The defence line up is bad af They using goatsquez at rb Theyre madrid, theyll cumback thank you. my mindset: hate feelings, feelings nahi hoti kya? she still feels about me bro. ✨ Kaisa laga  ? Nice studs Matlab meri sahayita wali bakchodi kaam kar gayi Bruh mummy sae ladai hogayi for gym Mummy using her trump card Jab mar jayenge tab pata chalega But I dodged it Lucky af My father's reaction was 👍 I flinched arjun ke maje le? 8k Ill start Kya kehta hai Not now got a lot of work to do Commerce eco hindi eng h/c comp Lol I am booked

sometimes its just the beat that says a whole lot of things. This message was deleted why the fuck. 😭 Tu ayega? Break me pura school apna hoga, bas yahi plus point h Bakiyo ko bhejde konsa break? vo 5 aur 15 minute wala? usse break kehte hai? Ha . idk rn. Bata dena bhai sahab, hackathon me part lena alag hi feel deta hai. discussions, sharing thoughts, feels amazing. Nhi nhi mal nikalna......😅 mai kal aa rha hu Teri photos hai mere pas mat aa. Mere paas padi hai group photograph 7th ki But all of us look bad so better not see it you all are atleast better. just see mine. Allen wale to padhayenge Padhlenge Chhut jayega Aja Pura school khali hoga
I still remember this part of the comic still gives me chills bodhit ayega? lemme ask. TALK TO ME NICE DON'T DING DONG ME. UNSE JAAKE PUCHO WHO THE KING KONG BE. FUCK SLEEP, DO NOT EVEN BLINK ON ME. I DON'T DRINK, BABY, BUT THE DRINKS ON ME. Bata na bsdk kya? gaane ka naam? . Tu to nhi aa rha na DRINKS ON ME - MC Stan X Badshah.
from "Ek tha raja" aaraha hu. Bade bhai free fire khelna hai Bade bhai healing battle me hara do aaoGAY aaj? this goes so hard. even better.

this is your sign to listen to "Burnout" Kalam jale

ab hoga comeback. mere yaha barish hone wali hai. mai nahi aaraha. ho hi rahi hai. Same I cant come Tej hori kafi same. Bc tuffan aagaya per match khel kae aagaya ab prajina ke music ko sunne ke liye nepali padhni padegi. 😭 prajina ki English ep bhi hai. 🥳

this is awesome! yo wtf. she cooked in 2021. you should do gym tomorrow without me cuz rkp still hasn't told me about the status of the application And also note the timings of the gym And what we have to wear for it Hm Arjun bhi karega kuch pata hai ki kuch lana hai ya nahi? Kapde Application Bas I.e. school uniform ke alawa This message was deleted Mujhe bol tu hai best, mat bol all the best Dont go to the gym in sport shoes, use hard sole shoes instead School shoes

that golden era.
Rachitroo messing with the hood's boy. Pela gaya comments me it's with great pleasure that i inform you, gentlemen, that tomorrow would be my 700th day after 13th May, 2023. happy birthday bro. Happy birthday agrim Happy Birthday Agrim Thanks guys gym application has been approved Will be joining from tomorrow onwards Zindagi kitni jhand hai bhai 😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Sir ne tuesday se bulaya hai Kal chhuti time jakar ubhe application zarur de diyo ? party? 🍺 Ghar ajao nah. Ok LISTEN TO AMITAABH.
I will also gaslight some particular events bhai yar, prajina ki aawaz. 😭❤ mera move on karvake rahegi ye. FREAKY ASS NIGGA, HE A 69 GOD. 🗣🔥 Hey hey hey hey run for your life say drake, i hear you like em young. Dont ever go to cell block 1 Hacked? nah. Takeover for a day? yea. ofc. Hell nah csk is so washed i just checked out prajina's insta page. and im suddenly into nepali grils. 😭 Chill out nigga. You still look like a chimpanzee bro she's awesome. 😭 Yaar csk kyu haar rahi hai 😔 rakh hogya bhai. Mahip madarchod bsdk Uski gaand me 10 inch ka millipede hai its fucking over bro. let me finetune an ai model now. im done seeing this. just wait a month. and send me your chats with her. i want the organic friend feel. Bruh like im flirting nigga three dots -> export chat -> without media -> download. idc. i need that "happpppppyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy" kind of words in my model. Nigga are you making an ai model out of her? So damn creepy bro Its very much simmilar to making a seks doll out of your crush Ye mahip ko peetde bhain Bahut panga lete hai tujhse Aisa pari bolta hai bruh. to kya kar sakte hai. To ma chod de uski panga nahi lega Usko janitor ke room me band karde bruh, wtf. that's another thing. and having a flirty convo with an ai model finetuned on her texts is anothr thing. for memory: ill use mem0.ai Lol, without permission Have you asked her ok then, ask for permission. but she would say no. of course. And btw i shouldnt do this but you can use your old texts not the breakup ones To teain it ik. but still, it's too less data. To accept krle its a seks doll at this point bruh, wtf. it's an ai chatbot that would comfort me mentally. just that. nothing more than that. MENTALLY. byee. i hope you had a great day today. hoping the same for the year ahead. happy 16. Boywithuke enough nahi thha? Im 15 ok. happy 15. i just want someone to talk to bro. like the old times. 😭 Aur bhai arjun tum bhi ojas aur pari ke sath gym jaoge Ye group hai na and im naming her aadhya. if you know that time too, i did an experiment. haa. application dediya. Haa yaad aya mon/tues se. You're gonna see the results from the first day uss samay flop hogya tha id. i mean it was working but it was very robotic. iss baar real data pe train karunga. byee. . . Also it will be great to go with frens Achha aaj Allen ki class nahi hai? gym wala mota mila hi nahi Aaj application dene gaya tha Kyuki aj half day tha

credits? Konsi reach arhi ajkal WTHHHHH CHINI KAM CHINI KAM WAS A SHOT ON CHEN K WHO HAD DISSED KRSNA Damn, krsna is on next level bro Mujhe to mitha pasand nhi Calling chen k mitha FEEL LIKE IM THE ONLY ONE THEY NEVER OUTLASTED. 🔥🗣 tum logon nae abhi tak gym kiya hai ? School wala Tue se h Ok Mae Tuesday ko application dunga Aur ussi dinn sae kar bhi lunga O2 flirts with me and then I flirt back even harder tum gym kae baad ghar kaise jaoge ? Matlab Teri bus toh chali jayegi Kitna jhuth bolega remedial walo ke liye to rahegi. ya phir van se chala jaunga.

NOSTALGIA. I am sorry I won't be able to provide anything else cause that has some dark romance kinda stuff hope you understand Btw  what machines were there in the gym Give me all the names And share what work outs you are going to do everyday From Tuesday Sir bateynge wo to I didnt see thoroughly Cables, barbells, bench, weights, dumbells Alr Now you know I don't lie And as for that cheek kiss That was april's fool Ik BHAI PRAJINA! 😭❤ HUSTLE THI REAL MERI, MAI TO KABHI LAZY NA THA. MAI TO BARS KA GULAM LEKIN KAIDI NA THA. Raftaar? $ Which song? Wth "Bohot Sahi" Konsa server h ye Jiska dil tuta hai usko aur kyu tod raha hai? Kya mil gaya? dm.

the best mv to exist?

15B. the queue:

Hola At Your Boy
Bohot Sahi. its official. im learning ml rn. from the basics. goal? build mishika's ai model by 13th May. i have a whole month. shall we ? bruh no. LOOK ME IN THE EYES AND TELL ME YOU'RE NOT SCARED OF ME JUST KEEP ME CLOSE, YEAH, I'LL BE YOUR GHOST, BABY im serious. DO I REGRET THE DAY WE MET? I THOUGHT YOU WERE THE ONE FOR ME IT'S BRICK FOR BRICK AND NAIL FOR NAIL. THERE'S NO WAY THAT I'LL LET YOU LEAVE. itna achha gana chal raha tha, itni acchi aawaz thi, beech me koi "SAB KUCH HAI PAAS PAR PHIR BHI MAI AKELA KYU" gaane laga. (divine) Yes

this is your sign to listen to BURNOUT. update: Pehle apne aap ko clone karke dekhta hu. vo hindi aur English ka mix kar pata hai ya nahi. ye dekhna hai. and i write everything here. so am downloading this data only. prinout nikava de. total 3. mera, tera, aur shashwat ka. printout le aayega ya nahi? He has gone to sleep ,I will remind him in the morning Rabindranath Tagore's short story The Homecoming (also known as "Chhuti") is a moving exploration of childhood, familial love, and the consequences of misunderstanding. Tagore intricately weaves themes of alienation, misjudgment, and the longing for connection in this story about a young boy named Phatik Chakravorti, whose unrestrained, boisterous nature leads him to feel out of place both at home and in society. Here’s an in-depth analysis of the story’s main aspects:

1. Summary and Plot Overview

The story revolves around Phatik, a young boy living in a rural village with his mother and younger brother, Makhan. Phatik is mischievous and free-spirited, often getting into trouble. In an impulsive act, he and his friends push a log into the river, accidentally injuring Makhan. This incident deepens his mother’s dissatisfaction with him.

Phatik’s life changes when his uncle Bishamber visits and offers to take him to the city for a better education. Phatik initially feels excited, imagining a world of new adventures. However, once he moves, he struggles to adapt to urban life, feels alienated in his uncle’s household, and faces constant criticism and rejection from his aunt. Ultimately, he feels homesick and unwanted, leading to his tragic end.


2. Themes

Alienation and Loneliness: Tagore masterfully portrays the theme of alienation through Phatik’s character, who is misunderstood by both his family and society. At home, his mother is harsh and favorably compares him to his younger brother, Makhan. When he moves to the city, he faces even harsher treatment from his aunt and feels out of place in his uncle’s family.

Misjudgment and Misunderstanding: Phatik is misjudged by adults who fail to see the innocence behind his mischief. His mother sees him as a troublemaker, and his aunt considers him a burden. This lack of understanding by adults leads to Phatik’s eventual isolation and suffering.

Longing for Acceptance and Love: Phatik’s actions and his yearning to return home reflect a deep-seated desire for love and belonging. His mother’s lack of affection and his aunt’s rejection fuel his homesickness, leaving him with a sense of emptiness and helplessness.

Childhood and Innocence: Phatik’s actions reflect the innocence of childhood, with his mischief stemming from a natural, unrestrained curiosity. Tagore contrasts the joy and freedom of rural life with the suffocating, restrictive environment of the city, highlighting the loss of innocence in the face of societal expectations.


3. Character Analysis

Phatik Chakravorti: Phatik is a quintessential child — energetic, curious, and mischievous, but also innocent and sensitive. His unintentional antics, such as pushing the log into the river, result in him being labeled a troublemaker. As he confronts rejection and lack of affection from adults, his vulnerability becomes evident. His homesickness and final collapse reveal the fragile nature of a child’s heart when deprived of love and understanding.

Phatik’s Mother: Phatik’s mother is portrayed as a strict, unsympathetic figure who favors Makhan, Phatik’s younger brother. Her lack of patience with Phatik’s unruliness deepens his sense of isolation. While her perspective may stem from her struggles as a widow, she fails to recognize her son’s need for love and guidance.

Uncle Bishamber and Aunt: Bishamber takes Phatik to the city with the intention of providing him with better opportunities, but he is unable to recognize or address Phatik’s emotional struggles. Phatik’s aunt, on the other hand, is openly hostile toward him and perceives him as an intrusion. Her lack of empathy adds to Phatik’s despair.


4. Symbolism

The River and the Log Incident: The river and the log represent freedom, adventure, and Phatik’s uninhibited spirit. The incident with the log sets the stage for his journey, marking the end of his carefree village life and the beginning of his struggles in the city. bhai iska print le aana. project bana lenge. Aur timetable matlab jate hi toh fiitjee hoga toh 4 period toh nikal jayege aur phir 4th to 7th hum logo ka free hota hai 5 th 6 th 7 th period mein faltu ka school mai rahna hai 4:30 tak rehna hai! null null This message was deleted Project Bhej de please Bhej Bhej Bhej Bhai nahi hai null ye kaise keh diya bhai. ab bhej raha hu. Isne 8 page ka Taj mahal likha hai Baki bhej baaki ka baad me. itna to kar. Ye toh aadhe ghante ka hai Tu pura bhej Bhai nahi hai mujhe 1 ghanta lagta. ye sun pehle. .😭😭😭 aadhe ghante baad maangna. Diya ki kasam Bhej abhi null Good Thank you null null Tomorrow school timing:
Reporting time: 10:30 am
Dispersal time: 4:30 pm

Parents and private van will be dispersed from gate no 1

Rest will use Jai jagat park gate for dispersal

All students to report to their respective classes on first floor

Students must bring their test copies and a rough notebook

Proper blue winter uniform to be worn
Identity cards are compulsory

Students must bring proper tiffin and water bottles

No mobile phones or any digital devices Dusri classes mai yeh aaya hai pata hai. Why mercury used ka answer bhej table bani hai puri shayad. Kaha pe hai Book mai toh nhi dikhai di pata nahi. Tu bhi bhej null kal school aayega aaunga. ok bye kya hua? kuch hua school me abhi tak? ye dekh context? kya accha kal dono ke project le aana aur ai copy bhi nhi toh lab nhi ja sakte arre lol. mai abhi apne nani ke ghar hu, to copy kaha se lau. 😭 project to le hi aunga. kuch bola kya ma'am ne? Kal aa jana ok. null Aaj phir ka p-4 khatam Ai mein copy na dene valo ko incharge ke paas le gaye the nice. specs? ? ok. Phase 4 books mil gayi? heat padhaya hoga? Kya specifications of the pc. Sound hai Abbe andhe laptop hai aur vo sab mujhe nahi pata Bhai aaya hai toh use ker raha tha Chal bye Kuch kaam hai toh ja rah Reply mat kerna School ki I'd ka format bhej matlab apni I'd bhej null aaram se. sare lecture dekho ending wale toh opps ke hai kal aa jana *oops tu nahi aayega, matlab? object oriented programming bhi dekhi Mai aaunga This message was deleted ye bata chal Q NAHI RAHA indentation. KIDHER ask chat.com function call kon karega? JOH SUBH BATA RAHA THA VO kon? a=int(input ("--------")) haa. phir pass the parameters. abbe ? range is also a reserved keyword. so won't work. gadhe, chat.com se puch please. thik kal aa jana def range (i):
for i in the range (1,4):
for j  in the range (1,i+1):
print (j,end="")
print ()
a=int(input ("--------"))
number_pattern() abb bhi nahi chal raha kuch samajh na aaye to bas puchna hi to hai. tabse vo hi ker raha mere toh chat gpt ka code bhi galat chal raha hai ruk abb school mai aake pucho ga lol bro, copy nahi karna aata? aur vaise bhi kuch galat ho to model ko bata to, ki expected output ye hai but ye return nahi kar raha. so fix this. ctrl+c ctrl+v kuch bhi def number_pattern():  # Function name is now number_pattern instead of range
for i in range(1, 4):  # Outer loop for rows, iterating 3 times
for j in range(1, i + 1):  # Inner loop for printing numbers in each row
print(j, end="")  # Print numbers on the same line
print()  # After printing all numbers for a row, move to the next line
a = int(input("--------"))  # Get input from user (though it's not used in the pattern)

number_pattern()  # Calling the function to execute

a ka input kyu le raha hai? aakhri me? def number_pattern():
for i in range(1, 4):
for j in range(1, i + 1):
print(j, end='')
print()
print("--------")

number_pattern() try this. ho gaya thoda apna dimag bhi to laga. input kyu lena hai? thik hai null null Idher bol. Abse Allen mai padhna hoga kya *abse 10th se. ya shayad jan ya feb se. idk. but ye feasible nahi hai to 10th se hi hoga, shayad. Pakka kisi ne Allen liya nahi toh hum hi hi bakra bana diya nice one. bio ka kaam bhej diya hai group par. kar lena. Principal hai* Tu jayega Yo revolt pata nahi. nsejs ke marks bata, Nhi dekha Phir pakka minus mai hoge This message was deleted Jyada tukke maar diye the null nice. kya hua call kyu kiya? 60 nahi 6 hai isme nice kya Hai thik hai tab bhi. Allen mein admission kya chal raha hai Bas ek PTM nahi aaya tha bas ek ptm me hi hua hai. Allen ab classes lega. Admission lena hai ya fiitjee wale sab usmein jayege admission lena hai shayad. Tune kuch kiya 35% hai mera. max 40% hai shashwat ke hisab se. Kya scholarship aur kya. Paper kab hua 72,000 Aur scholarship se aur kam school me uss din. tu absent tha kya? Aree usse ho raha hai toh mai toh gaya tune nahi diya tha? Nhi This message was deleted Kyu aur dekh admission test ho raha hai recent me. vo dede. Are Jo ma'am ne no. Diya hai Allen ka usme baat kerta hu aaj This message was deleted haa. better option. Aur fiitjee iss saal toh padhaye ga 😂😂😂 kaash! shayad nahi. Toh chutti ke baad aab fiitjee time na waste kar. call kar usko. Nahi allen haa. shayad. Thik dekhta hu Kerta hu Good Morning!
I am posting below a great opportunity for your students at the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore.

We are seeking mathematically talented students in standards IX–XII as applicants to PROMYS India, a challenging residential six-week summer programme run in partnership with the Indian Institute of Science (IISc) Bangalore. PROMYS India 2025 is free for all accepted students.

Would you, or students you know, be excited to delve deeply into fundamental mathematical questions within a richly stimulating, supportive, and collaborative community including undergraduate counsellors, research mentors, faculty, and visiting mathematicians?

Programme dates: 11 May – 21 June 2025
Application deadline: 15 January 2025
Location: Indian Institute of Science (IISc) in Bengaluru
Cost: Full scholarships for all students cover tuition, hostel, and meals. Additional need-based funds available for travel and laundry expenses.
Website: www.promys-india.org

The application is HERE and includes an intriguing problem set. Interested students are advised to give themselves as much time as possible to think about the application problems. Through their work on the problems, successful applicants will demonstrate their ability to think deeply about unfamiliar mathematical challenges. Applicants do not need to have taken advanced courses or participated in competitions. Ye kya hai "mathematically talented students in standards IX–XII as applicants to PROMYS India, a challenging residential six-week summer programme run in partnership with the Indian Institute of Science (IISc)" thoda read kar lete. Vo toh ker liya per ye koi paper dena hai ya bus paise deke jayege website check karo. Aur Allen ka online paper hai mera 12 ko ma;am ko message akro. online?! Yep Tu jayega online me to full hai. Ha terko call keroga answer batana .. Maito ghumie kabhi nhi miss keroga Bus 1 lakh na mage 20k tak toh thik hai lol, free hai. dekh to message. Web mein apply as student kerte hai pata nahi. ma;am se puch. ya email likh. as a student kar. ma'am se bol. Wow merko toh pata hi nhi tha Chodh Abbe ye toh report card mang rahe hai us mein toh 90 above nhi hai mere toh no chance Tu dekh le lol, gaya tu. meri maths acchi hai? ☠️ Chal bye bye. null null Tu aayega na. This message was deleted This message was deleted mat aa. fir se din kharab hoga. amanpreet ma'am ka period hai. Bhai nhi hai Diya ki kasam achha. samajh gaya kyu aana chahta hai. Mat message ker "Mat message ker" ek hafte se ye nahi suna tha, kitna sukoon tha. Aayega nahi. Please 😭😭 kyu aana hai? din kharab hoga mera. kaam hai plus. sorry bro kal nahi. Please Ayega null null Tere Bhai ka school hai null pata nahi. null call utha. Nah Ye dekh ke bata SCHEDULE FOR 9S
DATE 8TH JAN

SLOT 1 ENG MS AMANPREET

SLOT 2 HINDI DR MANISHA

SLOT 3 HISTORY MS BUSHRA

SLOT 4 GEOGRAPHY MS STUTI

SLOTS FOR TOMORROW

KINDLY NOTE

BRING BOOKS ACCORDINGLY Aaja bhai null uski 9 tarik tak chutti hai. Tu aa raha aa ja samjh .. ab bhi nahi aaraha. Thik mat aa Tu bhi gaddar nikla sorry. Diya ki kasam Kal aa rah nope. Mai bhi nhi Yeh bata tu hamesha hath mein phone rekhe rhe tah hai nop.e *nope. Tere paas allen a scholarship paper hai null null null bhai Allen me nahi lena hai. stuti mam ka call aaya tha. mai hat raha hu. Kal konsi seat hai kya pata. kya aaraha hai kal? ARRE math.factorial karna tha! Kitne kate ge 0.5 se 1 tak. shayad. kaha mar gaye the? Mama ji shaadi Mai raat bhar uthna tha Kuch kaam hua maths ka syllabys kya hai Syllabus null null SI CI. aur Pythagoras. null ye kab bataya mil gaya pata nahi. but yahi sach hai. ma;am ne personal mai bheja tha haa. dekha. call kar mujhe. chat.com Animals produce more heat energy than plants during respiration due to their higher metabolic rates. idk about that. let's start studying now. Bhai yaad nhi ho raha Kal school pure din ka hai??? pata nahi. shayad haa. Tere Bhai ka pure din ka hai .. ? call kar. Nah kar to. Hai ya nhi hamara bhi unke hisab se hota hai haa. Toh hamara bhi hai padhne de. 3rd page pe hu abhi. abhi start kiya hai. 😭 Phy book ka index ki photo bhrj Bhai delhi sultanate se kaam bhej de pura null mere paas bhi nahi hai. Mang kahi se null Bhar hu ok. mar ja. kal eng lang aur history, dono ki copy deni hai. History ka kaam mille ka try ker kal hi inspection hai gadhe. null Kuch kaam mila This picture shows a village woman carrying a big bundle of harvested crops on her head. She is wearing a traditional dress with beautiful patterns, and her hands are decorated with bangles. The weight of the crops partly hides her face, but her posture shows strength and determination. Behind her, there is a large field of tall plants, showing that she is working on a farm.

This image tells the story of hardworking women in villages. They wake up early, work in the fields, take care of their families, and do household chores. Even though their work is tough, they do it every day without complaining. The bundle on her head is not just crops—it represents her life's heavy responsibilities.

Rama, the woman in the picture, wakes up before sunrise. She cooks for her children, feeds the cattle, and then walks to the fields. Her husband is also a farmer, but his income alone is not enough. So, she helps with harvesting to support the family. Today, she has gathered sugarcane from the farm. The bundle is heavy, but she does not stop. She thinks about her children waiting at home, and that gives her strength.


As she walks back, sweat drips down her face, but she does not stop. The sun is high, and the weight of the bundle presses down on her, yet she keeps moving. Every step she takes is for her family, for the future of her children. She does not have the luxury to rest, but she does not complain.

She knows that her hard work will bring food to the table. No one may praise her, and no one may notice her struggles, but she takes pride in what she does. This picture is not just about farming—it is about the silent strength of women like Rama, who work every day to build a better life for their families. picture composition. history ka kal karna padega. Oh ha ye bhi tha thank you History ka kya kare null null Kal kerege  dekh lege thik hai. bye. History copy leke aaya haa. 2 chapter bache hai bas. aaj bhushra ma'am nahi aayi thi. Toh bhej de null null thodi der ruk. Abbe mera ek hi ch pura hai election merko baki sare kerne hai toh bhej Aur blue tick on ker apna null ok. mera on hai. .. Nhi hai .. Bhej Bhej null ek sec. Ek min ho gya cover laga lena. Kaam toh pura ho phele Pura bhej dena aage ka baad me. Bhej Bhai nhi hai pehle itna kar. bhej dunga. cross hai. Please Phir phone mummy le ja rahi bhej raha. Aaj mere ghar ke paas ke log mahakumbh ja rahe the truck ke niche car aa gayi toh 9 mein 4 mar gaye on spot phir ek dadi  ko heart attack aa gaya or ek ki spinal cord tut gayi But mai ek ko bhi nhi janta tha Sach mein Teri kasam apni mummy ki kasam kha. Meri kasam teri kasam to aise keh raha hai jaise mai tera boyfriend hu. Mummy ki nhi kha sakta logo ka data uper niche ho gaya hoga toh to meri kyu khaya. 😭 Chodh na Bas itna hi hai haa. kitna hua? 9 page Aur dinner bhi chapters? 3.5  ch. nice. Tera kitna bacha hai 2 *chapters. Total 10 ch nhi hai kitne hai? Gin raha 7 nice.] That's why I don't like them Bhai kya hai yeh mc stan mumble rapper hai. yahi hai profession bhai ka. badshah to rapper hai bhi nahi. Toh kuch samajh toh aana chahiye Chodh real gaano me samajh aata hai. thoda thoda. yahi hota hai. Bye bye. This message was deleted Current electricity toh chal raha hai toh vo kaise kal puch rahe hai null kal hai kya? WTF. physics viva? arre maine nahi padha hai. hell. Mai bhi nhi padha hai par
Iska kya ker a hai definitions hi to ratni hai. rat le. Stuti ma'am ko bolna ki humara viva hamare physics teacher se dilvaye baki class mein bhi unke phy teacher le rahe hai haa. bolunga. This message was deleted null Aaj kuch hua haa, thoda bohot. lekin kuch important nahi. Viva nahi hua. hindi ka hua tha bas. Bhej de viva bheju? Hindi ka viva haa. Ye hona tha matrabhoomi wala. haa. Yaad aaya Aur amanpr.... Ma'am ne kya karaya class test. Topic Language hoga Ye kerna hai haa. bilkul. nah, Julius Caesar. I ka dekh Bechare lol. 😂😂😂 English ke paper ke questions bhej de Aur answer bhi Matlab copy ki photo konsa paper? ok. baad me. Lit bahar hu. Photo bhej arre matlab nani ghar pe hu. mama mami ki anniversary hai. Happy anniversary to them Par terko jitne yaad hai vo bhej thanks from them. Yaad hai .. .. null Unnati ma'am tere ghar aa gayi lol, mai abhi pahucha hu. Mere Ghar 15 min Mai pahuch Rahi hai nice. mar jana. This message was deleted aur kya? unnati ma'am to man hi man galiya rahi hongi. kya hua? Amanpreet ma'am ne kya topic diya tha aaj Terko aur merko Same tha Kuch essay kerke tha null school uniform wala. Essay ka type kya tha Argumentative Geo ke paper mai relative humidity ka question aaya tha haa. Aur jitna yaad hai utna question bhej de copy hi nahi mili hai. Paper nhi diya Kuch toh yaad hoga nahi yaad hai. sahi me. Ek bhi nhi Answer toh likhe the nahi yaad hai. Mota mota bata like topic Yaad ker lol, ye bhi nahi yaad hai. Bhai Try ker null null Bata Digram ke questions aaye the hello. hello. Kya hai hello. Kya padh rahe ho hello. .. hello. ? Ye kya hai padha nahi jaa raha gadhe? Ooh jis din kon se chapters cover kiye hai uska table hai. kal 8 chapters karunga. mai to gaya. Kidher Tu 10 ka content kyu dekh raha hai Uper se cbse % me. ? percentage me competition hai. to mai gaya. upar. ☠️ Kya bol raha hai nashe ker ke baat ker raha hai aaj bus wala vape laya tha. to... Toh mai kya karu mazak kar raha hu. aaj bas 4 log aaye the. pata nahi ye kirmada kyu aagyi. Tu gaya tha haa. tab hi to. thodi der me call karna. by 8:50. Samajh gaya tha Nah hello. Nice Paper nahi duga mai bhi nahi. Shaam wale main time waste bohut ho jayega haa. aaj 10 baje aana hai kya? null group ka message dekh lo. Aaj kuch hua padhai ke alawa kuch nahi. Vo hi padhai nahi ho rahi. tips de. Wah jo terko merko bata chahiye vo tu mujhse puch raha hai Bye bye. Ye kerna hai Copy mai haa. Tera copy ka kaam hua Geo** nah. mai nahi karunga. Bhai puri term 2 copy kon banaye Aaj kitne present the vahi to. 12 Shashwat aur mai haa Tu kal aayega Mai aaoga shayad Matlab ha hi hai Nice Like company ka kaam kya hai aaj baat karni hai inse.

"Credit for Young India
Secure and quick personal loans for Young Indians" dekhna padega. kuch confirm nahi hai. kaash remote work dede. kitni bekar website hai. chiii. Aaj amanpreet ma'am ka period tha tha. but hua nahi. Kab NAHI HUA THA. aural tha. Kab before mt period. arre haa, amanpreet ma;am ka period tha mt wala. usme revision hua tha. notice and email. kal aana hai ya nahi? Mera Mann nhi Poll dal .. Merko 3 injection lage Vo bhi haath mai nhi Toh samgh ja KAISE? KYU? Udit ka infection aa gaya Bhai khana nhi khaya ja raha tha Gala phool gaya tha im sorry bro. koi baat nahi. take rest aur theek hoja. exam me badhiya score karna hai tujhe. 🫵 Ho gaya Help me badhiya hai phir. padh bhai. mera 40% ho bhi gaya hai. Tu 20 % mei tha 10 din phele lol. vaha pe mai 35-38 pe tha. Ai lab ka concent ka pdf bhej nhi mil raha hello hello. Kya padh raha hai abhi ghar aaya hu. english bolna sikha de plz. Kya galat bola maine mujhe laga tu ghar mein tha lol. plz. Full stop ? Ooh maine padha eng bolna sikh lol. ab to bata de. Hinglish bol de wase bhi skills matters more okie. Kaisa hua null Aur kal aana hai na Kyuki do don ke baad toh wase bhi koi nhi aayega pata nahi. sabse confirm karo. YESSSSS!!!! message nhi aaya abhi tak parpublic holiday hai toh honi chahiye haa. aaj kitna padha? roz ka record do mujhe. aaj geo khatam kerke so ga aur subhe se maine 1 ch bhi nhi padha ye flex nahi hai gadhe. padh le. vo hi ker raha hu kal kya padhu bio.

ye sun le. puck you tu school gaya tha na haa. 1 ch ho gaya ab insolation ker raha badhiya. tune kitne kiye 56. or 46.15% Subject aur ch puch raha Bhai kal tu bio kerega haa. kal se start bio aur history. Bio kuch start Kiya kya starting se saare main chapters pe dhyaan dunga. cell kiya tha bas. Race lagaye ga nah. Pls ok. lekin kal se. Ha Ch jub start karo ge tab ek message aur call de dena ok. geo start karne jaa raha. .. Konsa ch padh raha null landforms. null kya hua? Composition mai characteristics bhi kaad kerni hai ? Vo nhi yaad ho rahi *yaad Phele half yearly ke baad ke ker ? Konse ch paper mai kerne ke liye prepare kerke jane ha ? 10 marks ke questions ke liye haa to? Konse Unit 1 Unit 3 Composition aur insolation Aur bata 1, 2, 5, 6. 3,4 mai se 1 line answer aayege Vo kyu nhi Aur 10 no. Ke hisab se bata vahi to bol.a plus natural regions me map hai to vo MUST hai. This message was deleted Mai unit 1 padhne ja raha kaddu hai. Kitna hua null null .. landforms kar raha hu. Ab Next ch bata ye ho gaya aur ch 1 bhi konsa kiya tune? Landforms aur earth as a plant unit 1 pura kar le. 10/10 aane chahiye, sabse simple hai. its like free ke marks hai. Tu kya ker raha landforms. Kab tak Ek ghante se Bol vo mai beech me kuch aur karne laga tha. fir bhul gaya. Bhai 2X main ek sec distract ho topic change ho jata hai fr. landforms done. ab rocks kar raha hu. Rocks hua khana khane chala gaya tha. abhi shuru karunga 10 mins me. geo copy banayi? Nah Kyu Kal lani hai haa. maine bhi nahi banayi. Merko toh pata hi nhi tha mai absent tha Teri eng aur hindi copy mere pass hai ok. reassurance. Thore aur s laga dera 4 lagaye Vo samagh gaya tha lol. maine tere jaisa hairstyle kara liya hai. kal dikhata hu. matlab thode chote hai, but tere jaise hi hai. Mera koi hairstyle nahi hai bas comb nahi kerta mai arre matlab tere jaisa hai bas. Thik Kal aana padhe ga yaar maine toh wontter break bana liyatha abhi 5 din Ke baad school lol. Ho gaya ye vo karna bhul gaya. indices kiya. phir bonku babu kar raha hu. Ch test nah. Toh kya Ye bata meri extra class hai. lol. Matlab ?? abe 14 ko valentine's day hai. ek last baar mishika se baat kar kar dekhta hu. Chapter test bhej trigonometry ratios null null ok. Jaldi pls google nahi kar paa rahe the? Nah time lagta hai aur typing aur kerni padhti hai

itna nahi google kar paa rahe the? aaja aaj. kitna padha aaj? roz jitna padha kar, bhej diya kar. Kuch jyada nhi bus kuch maths ka rivision konsa chapters? *konse Log simple. do hard stuff. Bas aur maths kyu kar rahe ho. bio karo. history karo. maths to achhi hai hi. 3 mujhe pata hai tu kar lega. baaki subjects pe dhyaan de. Tune kitna kiya 👍🏻 jc bacha hai bas aaj ke liye. agar time milega to aur kar lunga chapter. Subh bhij diya ker yeh ok. kal se. Target jaisa mil jata hai Yep mai to subah hi decide kar leta hu ki kya kya karna hai. haa. Vo hi toh nahi ho pata ek toh kal se vapis jaldi uthna hai nhi toh mera din bekar jata hai Aaj kya hua kuch nahi. Tera jaldi utha kar. mera kya hoga. tera kya hua? achha ha didi ke to boards hai. Tu kitne baje uthta hai 5:30 Sahi hai aaj 5:27 pe bistar se bahar tha. Abbe roundof kerte hai haa tab hi 5:30 bola. Bye phir bye. kal se ekdum padhai start. aaj ka target: Pythagoras Theorem, Triangles, Logarithms, The Composite Culture, Renaissance, Skeleton, Skin, Julius Caesar Act II Scene I. kitna hua? kitna hua? mere 5 hogye. kitna hua? Pytho mai douth hai ek do aur triangle ho gaya log bhi ho gaya tha composite abhi yaad kerna hai aur renaissance aur skeleton padh raha hu chat.com kar na gadhe. kitni baar bola hai. sahi hai. aaj ka bhejna bhul gaya.

Renaissance, Skin, Julius Caesar Act II Scene I, Mensuration, Rectilinear Figures, Coordinate Geometry

ma ikal 3 chapter nahi kar paya tha. 2 chapters done. Dekh Ab kya karu Sahi hai shayad Toh no. Bhi mil sakte hai Writing ka flow same hai haa. kitna kiya? mere 4 hogye. Abbe iska kya karu ituts ko message karo. Wase ye itna simple question mai baad mai kyu karuga Bhai dekh toh pucha kya hai Abhi suru kiya hai lol. subah se kya kar raha tha? haa. fr. 9AD^2 = 7AB^2
YE WALA QUESTION HUA Nahi toh question bhej de google kar le bhai. Pura question nhi hai kitna hua? mere 3 hogye. 4 hogye. 5 hogye. 1 ka I ka answer book mai galat hai kya Put ker raha hu value toh mera answer sahi aa raha hai null konsa wala? question to batao. kitne chapters hue btw? oh got it. 3 lol. 5 hogye mere. 6 hone wale hai. Ye wale abhi suru kiye Solve kiya kar raha. Mera answer put ker ke dekh Y=-4
X=0 x=3 y=4 hai kya? Hai Ha kya problem hai phir? simple to hai? Ye Bhi sahi hai lemme check. ek sec ruk. dusri equation me put kar gadhe. Ooh Ha Ek hi equation se solve ker diya apna progress bhejte rehna. keep yourself accountable. Merko CA nhi banna bohot ganda Mazak. im serious. I know Chal bhr Bye bye. Itni typing mistake lol. byee. Abbe par mere sol mai galat kyatha dono eq me put karo value aur dekho. Vo hi toh kiya hai do two variable equation ka ek hi real answer ho sakta hai. ek linear equation ek straight line banata hai na? to do linear equation do line banayenge. intersection ko solution kehte hai., Ok *unke intersection. got it? Sol bhej if not, ask chat.com and tell it to "explain like im 5" Ho gaya 2 lines 2A matlab 2 times angle A null haa. A 15 deg ho jayega. Cos 30=root3/2 1 hai. sin square theta aur cos square theta one hota hai. Sol bhej lol bro wtf. itna simple tha. google karo. Sorry ho gaya haa. 14 ko kitne log aaye the 2 cos 2a = root 3
cos 2a = (root 3)/2

cos 60 = (root 3)/2
so, 30 = 2a

a = 15. 3-4 log the. i don't remember. Same toh hai This message was deleted haa. haa. Mile "vo thi" matlab kon? kirmada? This message was deleted achha. mishika? Ussi ke sath mana .. hat be. mere ko nahi pata tha tu 14th feb puch raha hai. matlab pata tha dimag me click nahi kiya. pata nahi aayi thi ya nahi. i tried to keep myself away from her. and didn;t even look at her for a single moment. Mahip bata raha tha ki vo
Absent hogi Chod Bye sahi hai. byee. 6 th nhi ho raha Try ker null hello bolne se Pehle hi kaat dete ho gadhe. call kyu karte ho. 2 min de. jisse tuMessage dekh 2 min ka nhi hai to tujhse kyu nahi hogya? Bahut bada hai achha haa. ruko phir se karunga/. galat kar diya. ab baad me. khana khane jaa raha. konsa chapter? Maine bhi isliye kha tujse Linear equations Ch 5 Tune chapter test lagaya hoga kahi check ker Hmm question galat hai! second wali equation me +1/3 hoga. isme dekho. 10 mins barbaar kar diye iss par. question hi galat hai. *barbaad. 7 th question mein 3 equation hai aur upper se                                                                                                     XY bhi aa raha hai sol mai toh sol nahi ho raha null dekhta hu. x/y = 2/3 aagaya. mai tala lagane gaya tha to late hogya. Given expression mein inne add kaise ker diya null null kyu nahi kar sakte 2 chizo ko separate rakh liya aur identity laga di. Power ka kya power ka kya matlab? bas separate kiya hai. expand nahi. Identity hai aur ho bhi gaya haa. Kitna hua ITNA HO GAYA. 🗿 mai to kal ke liye five kingdom padh raha tha. lol. Iska answer 4 hona chahiye Par 6 Hai gadhe ho tum. 6 hi honge. Ab kya galat kiya ruko bhej raha. Okay, let's solve Problem 15:
Problem 15: Find the coefficient of x² in the expansion of (x² + x + 1)² + (x² - x + 1)²
Solution:
1. Using the hint:
The hint suggests rewriting the expression as 2{(x² + 1)² + x²}. Let's expand this:
2{(x² + 1)² + x²} = 2{(x⁴ + 2x² + 1) + x²}
= 2{x⁴ + 3x² + 1}
= 2x⁴ + 6x² + 2
2. Identifying the coefficient of x²:
In the expanded form 2x⁴ + 6x² + 2, the term with x² is 6x².
Therefore, the coefficient of x² is 6.
Alternative Method (without using the hint):
Let's expand each term separately:
(x² + x + 1)² = (x² + x + 1)(x² + x + 1)
= x⁴ + x³ + x² + x³ + x² + x + x² + x + 1
= x⁴ + 2x³ + 3x² + 2x + 1
(x² - x + 1)² = (x² - x + 1)(x² - x + 1)
= x⁴ - x³ + x² - x³ + x² - x + x² - x + 1
= x⁴ - 2x³ + 3x² - 2x + 1
Now, let's add the two expansions:
(x² + x + 1)² + (x² - x + 1)² = (x⁴ + 2x³ + 3x² + 2x + 1) + (x⁴ - 2x³ + 3x² - 2x + 1)
= 2x⁴ + 6x² + 2
Again, the coefficient of x² is 6.
Final Answer: The coefficient of x² in the expansion is 6. hogaya? aur practice kar bhai. ek strong subject bhi haatho se chuth raha hai tere. Aree x+1 mein ²lagana bhul gaya byee. Baat toh Sahi hai maine 8 chapters kiye aaj vaise. byee. Abhi kab tak uthe ga kal? 7-8 pata nahi. shayad jaldi uth jau. byee. gn. Mai raat ki baat ker raha tha Mai toh 1 baje tak abhi uta hu kyuki di toh mai waste hi ker deta hu Gn Wase toh phone bandh ker diya tune lol. meri mummy late uthne nahi deti. isliye jaldi sota hu. aur maths me jitne bhi hard chapters hai unka naam bhej de. matlab hard to kuch nahi hai but tab bhi. 2 hogye. 3 hogye. 5 kingdom hogaya Tera haa. Phir toh aaj ka 50 percent ho gaya tera 4 hogye. 2 history wale bache hai mere. 5 hogye. aakhri kar raha. Mera din hi late suru hota hai Abhi 2 alag se kiye 5 kingdom ker raha Ribhav ka no. Hai Bhej de null Ribhav Shukla.vcf (file attached) Bhai easy ch hai vahi to. kitna hard lagta tha. Vo hi kyu chahiye vaise? Notes mangne the usse geo aur h/c ke lol. khud se padh. agar mile to mujhe bhi bhej dena. meri galati hai? Bata raha tha Phele reply toh kere vo Tu bio ke note bhej mai nahi banata notes. Itna kon dhyan deta hai chad Sir ke lol, book se padh. enough hai. Bhej This message was deleted aur mera time na waste kar ab. aakhri chapter hai. agar time mila to ek aur kar lunga. bhej raha. 6 min Mai tu konsa pahadh tadhne vala tha iske alawa sir ne nahi banvaye. Ribhav tere message padhta hai shayad main uske no. Mai save nhi hu toh ..... Tu message ker forward me the message. kal to mai 2 din bas physics padhunga. pichli baar bohot bekar aaye the. Mai bhi


ye dono dekh le, English language set hai. 10th ka hai, but syllabus same hai. Thanks Aur bhi been te rehna Aur Kal konse phy ch kerega Bata de This message was deleted first 5 karunga. plan bhejta hu. solid angle ka unit kya idea hai new book me? spelling galat hai lekin bhavnaye samajh gaya. tereko hi bhejta hu aur kisi ko bhejta bhi nahi. tera din shuru hua ya abhi tak so raha hai? kitna hua? mere exactly 100 chapters ho jayenge kal tak. 🤯 kitna hua? 3 phy. Nice 1•75 Mere 2 English ke done. Konse synthesis, transformation. bas exercise kiye hai. ribhave ko message kiya tune nahi. . Hi Bodhit here,
Ribhav can you please send notes of phi , geo , history This message was deleted ? kitna hua ek help chahiye thi sare numerical jo paper mein aa rahe bhej de bol. book me hai sab. 2nd chapter pe hu. matlab 6th pe. ek ek ch me jake time lagega abhi mere 6 ch bache hai 5 main hu aur baat karne me time nahi lagega? seating arrangement pata chala terko mai to 2nd hi hu. mai 1st hu 2nd row mein motion skip ker raha usme kuch important hai haa. lol. kya sab toh aata hai law of motion importan hai bas ye baat mujhe kal shaam ko batana. sabse zyaada physics me hi fati thi pichli baar. history me to fatna confirm hi tha. mat yaad dila pichli baar ka question paper ke numericals dekh lena. byee. byee. ab 7th pe. 1 gf = null 10^5 dyne
? shayad. force due to gravity on mass of 1 g ye to pata hai. vo hi lol, 980 dyne hota hai. byee. dekh raha tha tere dhyan kaha hai datesheet bhej de ab 8th pe. kitna hua 1.5 chapters + numericals. buoyancy aur buoyant same hota hai toh book mein do jagah kyu likha hai numericals ki photo bhej dena numericals  mai lag rah hai ki kuch yaad hi nhi solution vo bhi book me hai. baaki me ye kar le. bhej dena book  mein dondhna padega hey bhagwan. 🤦‍♂️ har section ke baad examples hai. tu bhej ......... ki ............ mar ja sale. block kar raha tujhe. ab bol. tarun Rupali sir op 22 min mein ch khatam null Sorry pura ch nhi hai isme vahi to.
ye dekh. thode topics missing hai but hai pura. Dekh liya Haa Last mein toh bahut sare udh diye Abhi oneshat khatam hone vala hai uske baad ye dekh ker last year paper lagana hai Tera kitna bacha itna hi bacha hai. mai khana khane gaya tha. Last year paper laga liya nahi. Dekha nahi. hum log ki chutti ho jati hai na jab 11 walo ka paper chal raha hota hai kitna hua This message was deleted This message was deleted This message was deleted null haa shayad. almost done. Mera bhi paper laga raha null d bata 1. **Rigid Body:**
- A rigid body does not undergo any deformation when a force is applied.
- The force may cause motion (translation or rotation), but the shape and size remain unchanged.
- **Example:** A metal rod or a wooden block.

2. **Non-Rigid Body:**
- A non-rigid body deforms when a force is applied.
- The shape and size change under the influence of force.
- **Example:** A rubber band or a clay ball.

In summary:
- **Rigid bodies experience motion without deformation.**
- **Non-rigid bodies experience both motion and deformation.** Matlab sahi hai mera To bhi paper laga Utha hai null null Call mein hi kyu hai jab dono mute mai hai null The question in the image asks:

**"What is a neutral point? How is the position of a neutral point located with the help of a compass needle?"**

### **Answer:**
1. **Neutral Point:**
- A neutral point is a location in a magnetic field where the net magnetic field is zero.
- This happens when the magnetic field of an external magnet cancels out the Earth's magnetic field completely.

2. **Locating the Neutral Point Using a Compass Needle:**
- Move a magnetic compass around a bar magnet.
- At the neutral point, the compass needle does not align in any particular direction and stays at rest.
- This indicates that the forces from the external magnet and the Earth's magnetic field are equal and opposite, nullifying each other.

Thus, the neutral point is identified where the compass needle does not show any specific deflection. bye., Bye bye. Dor rehna padhega terese arre nahi vo baato baato me nikal jata hai. ribhav nahi hu. chinta mat kar. vo to literally ne chipakta hai. Bye This message was deleted ? Mein Ne Bye haa. byee. null ek ball pen le aana.

ye le, pura syllabus hai. 45:22​ - Subject-Verb Agreement
1:26:30​ - Reported Speech ye sab course mein nhi hai null kitna hua? maine pura dekh liya hai. Maths ka paper 3 ghante ka hai pata hai. kal chutti hai na? CD = radius kaise given hai. Oh phir toh easy tha null $('video').playbackRate=10 bye. Bye This message was deleted This message was deleted abe yahi to padha rahi hai. mai kya karu. Bye apna progress bhej te rehna. har ghanta. bye. Kya samjha hai hame null lol. 10x pe dekh. Tu kaha pohocha Kitne mein poucha mai dekh nahi raha tha. break liya tha. lekin 1:10 pe hu. hour:minute format. 2:00:00 pe aagaya. Bhai kuch nhi samagh aayega aa raha hai. Kitne mein paucha 2:10 Construction ka koi vedio dekh ne janraha mein video important Hai baki class test lagao ga sab laga chuka hu mai. vahi to ab ye marathon aur phir exam papers bas. tu exam paper ke hard questions bhej de ok. 3:00 done. Bhej de pls kya? khud solve kar. Construction Vo keru ga tab bhi null null 11th me chemistry me calculator lane dete hai na? bhaiya se puch lenge. 5 done. Ye ker mere toh aa Gaya shayad null 5:25 done. break le raha mai. Kya ruko dekhta hu. Kyuki har diagonal ke beech mai 6 degree nahi bana sakte Ye kya hai null Tough questions bhej mai tumse ye kehne wala tha. achha bet lagao. zyaada lana wale ko treat. hogya ye. Mera yeh aa raha null null (root 3 * root 3 * 10)/root 3 = 10 root 3 mai jaa raha sone. bye. null null kitna padh liya? kitna padh liya? pehle tu bata. election aur delhi hogya. Mughal bhi hogya almost. kitna hua 7 sab history vo bhi half yearly wale lol. annual padh le. .. null null null null thode der mai call kerta hu null 7 hogye. konse mai hai reformation khatam hone wala hai. khatam hogya. ab industrial. mera bhi 5 min mai civics mai konse karega local aur rural bas. kitna hua? mera industrial aadha hogya. history ka project is baar hai ya nho hai. history ho gaya civics ker raha sahi hai. mera history me kitna average hai test ka? toh mai pass kaise ho gaya maan lo project me 18 hai. This message was deleted 15 15 test me hai? average to (15+18)/2 = 17 hogya. 18 leke sahi hai kal 50 lane hai kaise bhi karke mujhe. 65 50 + 18 = 68 = pass. mai jaa raha sone. bye. inn sir ko 2x pe mat dekhna. 😭 Kyu Oh pata hai par ye vase bhi reading karte hai bas mujhe samajh aajayega, tumko nahi aayega. inko 3x pe dekhne ki bhul kar di. 😭 kitna padh liya? Kya padhu mera Julius Caesar ka aakhri 3 scene bache hai. Kuch nhi are lit hai to kya padhega nahi? kal question paper le aana. lit wala. Mai bhi jc khatam kerta hu aaj Kyu Kal chutti hai arre Mazak kar raha tha. kal to koi exam nahi hai na? call kar mereko. Pata nhi kar ya mai karu? Nhi Aur kyu Jc ke video bhej de sare Ya one shot ho toh jayda accha hai Kitna hua Isse 2x mai dekh sakte hai ya nhi null .. khud dekh ke pata laga le. mai geo kar raha hu. hydrosphere. Tune dekh to liya Geo kab hai maine to 2x pe hi dekha hai. 1st ko. Sat ko Thik bye bye. padh liya? JC PADH LIYA TC PADH RAHA TERA KITNA HUA null aakhri tc me bacha hai. aur jc bacha hai. AAKHRI KYYA BACCHA HAI??? CH??? bank. AUR BAKI HO GAYA haa. jc bacha hai pura. lol. jc ka kam weightage hai vaise bhi. act 1 done. 1.5 hours me act 2 bhi ho jayega. call me when you have time. kitna hua? Abhi utha nindh aa gayi thi Tera?? Term 1 ka course bata de copy nhi mil raha Imp topics ki photo bhi bhej dena syllabus search kar na google pe. .. Haa baad me. Thik .. ? Course plaksha bol rahi hai ki puri book ayegi. ☠️ Aur konsi video dekh raha animated wali dekh li hai. explanation kitni baar dekhu. bas copy ka padhke jaunga. Kuch bhi  iss book mai 10 ka bhi hai baat to hai. ruko puchne do. arre matlab jo jo 9th me hai sab aayega. Pat hai are ha lol, ye to mujhe bhi pata tha. Nibandh,  patra -written
apathit - multiple  and written both
Vyakaran -all multipal
Saahitya sagar -written and multipal choice both Bas MCQ jyada aa jaye haa. Jaldi hota hai Aur easy bhi Sun Syamu apne mammy aur papa ko kaka kai kyu kheta hai mai tumhe shyamu lagta hu? Mujhe lagta hai ki uska koi cousin hoga jo uski mummy ko kaki kehta hoga toh vo bhi ye dekh ke kaki kehta hoga arre bhai ye nahi aayega exam me. 😭 Pata hai Yeh Bata konse ch nhi aayege mainly stories null latitude done. Q345 compulsory hai ?? nahi pata ye baat mujhe. history ke paper ka copy hoga. compulsory wala mix hona chahiye. both are hcg subjects. Toh compulsory hai ek sec, compulsory me to map hoga lol. 10 marks ka aayega. 16 + 16*3 + 16 ye hoga shayad. nice. ?? Compulsory kya hai map. 16 ka hoga shayad. Ch ARRE MAP 16 KA HOGA SHAYAD. Map thik hai ch pari bol raha hai ki 5 unit kar lo isse. Jo tune 3 4 5 question likha hai bas. mera nahi hai. pari ka hai. *pratyush batana mat. call kar le isse behtar hai. Ek hi ch mein numerical hai?? null Latitudes done null null hydrosphere done. composition done. Rotation done stuti ma'am ne kya bola tha? water is mobile wala sentence pura bata. ?? tu rehne de. Aree temp of water Dhire increase ya decrease kerta hai kyuki water mobile hai null Yeh CALL KYU KARTA HAI BAAT BAAT PE GADHE. MAT KIYA KAR. Kaha Kiya ye kya hai? Misscall tha .. Fortnight matlab 15 ya 14 day kya hota hai null null Sorry for this 2 weeks. 14 days. Merko toh pata hi nhi tha ki 2 weeks mein 14 days hote hai Yeh bata ocean currents kaise yaad kiye Hydro done nahi yaad kiye. simple. 11th wali chair table kal sahi kar denge. nahi to chap nahi payenge. Konsa ch pads raha hai null Earth structure done Ab mai Khanna khane ja raha bruh, ye padh raha tha? insolation and humidity done. ab pollution wala unit kar raha hu mai. sabse simple hai. pollution done. pollution done. null kya hua? Call utha null Eutrophication kya hota hai book se padh le na. Oyee Sahi se Mera phone nhi hai
Mummy ke pass phone hai mere pass tab toh ok. hogya tumhara ? aaj ai aur bio padhna. Ai aur chemistry Bio ke liye do din hai aaj bio kar. kal chem karna. Bio ke liye 3 din phir purso phir se bio. 20 chapters hai. Paper dono 80 ke hai jaisa karna hai vaisa kar. mai to yahi karunga. Thik toh aaj bio aur ai padhna mujhe bio me 75 aur ai me 95 se neeche nahi chalega. null Galti se Playlist bhej dena null null jaldi aa. mute ho.

Selina wali book ka hai. lekin board same hai to content same hai. ek baar reading maar lena baad me. aur total 8 chapters bhi hai to almost same hona chahiye. Kitna hua abhi start bhi nahi kiya hai. ai me 2 chapters kar liye. python aati hai to 50% course done hai mera. Sun bol. null Baad mai mil gaya paper. Thik 20 mcqs. 20 ka compulsory. 60 marks ke 4 questions karne the. 6 questions section B me the. 4 karne the. 0.5 hour done. Mai toh 1:30 baje se suru karuga aur ye rahe solutions. Thanks null null null Gas law done null null Kyu ker raha .. null Ye batao mass percentage toh FIITJEE mai tha idk. null .. kya hua? mai chat pe tha. 4 hogye. *water hogya. Mera crystallisation bacha hai null Call utha null null null mai nahi uthaunga ab. null null null null mai uth gaya. This message was deleted null null null null null null This page is from a textbook or workbook about robotics. It's the beginning of a section on robot motion.
Here's the main idea:
* Robots move in different ways: Just like we can walk in a straight line, turn, or move in a circle, robots can do the same. This section will explain the different types of motion robots use.
* Three main types of motion:
* Linear Motion: Moving in a straight line (like a train on a track).
* Angular Motion: Rotating or turning around a point (like a spinning wheel).
* Circular Motion: Moving in a circular path (like a car going around a roundabout).
* Examples of robots and their motion: The page gives examples like a Cartesian robot (used in 3D modeling) which uses linear motion, and a SCARA robot (used in assembly) which uses angular motion.
* Learning Objectives: The page also lists what you'll learn in this section, such as understanding different types of motion, how joints help robots move, and the concept of "degrees of freedom."
In short, this page introduces the basic ways robots move and sets the stage for learning more about how robot motion works. CH FROM EASY TO TOUGH ? KONSE CH SE SURU KARU AUR TU KIS CH SE KER RAHA kya chiz? CHAPTER Kiska? bio nhi tu maths padh pata nahi. tu bata. pata hota toh puchta aarnav se puch mein hygiene ker raha null

mai ye dekh raha hu bas. YE MAT DEKHNA.

ye dekh. better hai. Bhej sir ko is ka toh game bajana padhega re baba kitna hua? mera 3rd unit hogya. unit 2 chod dena. subah karna. hai ya nahi? Kitna hua Nah 6th chapter hone wala hai. tera? null null null nutrition done. null null call mar kar bhai. 8 hi hue hai abhi tak. KITNA HUA 9 hone wale hai. CALL KERLO VERY IMP null mujhe bhej dena kon kon se chapters ka hai. kitna hua? ? hello? null hello? This message was deleted Ha bol null v v v v v v v v v v DEAR STUDENTS

TOMORROW YOUR ENGLISH ANNUAL COPIES WILL BE SHOWN IN ROOM 71 ON FIRST FLOOR AFTER AI EXAM

COMPUTER STUDENTS ARE ALSO REQUESTED TO SEE THE COPY TOMORROW AS AMANPREET MA'AM WILL BE ON BOARD CORRECTIONS AFTER 10 OF MARCH AND MA'AM WILL NOT BE THERE FOR PTM

SO MAKE YOUR PRESENCE COMPULSORY TOMORROW

AND KINDLY ACKNOWLEDGE MESSAGE WHETHER YOU WILL BE COMING OR NOT TIMING FOR ENG COPY SHOWING 10.30 TO 11 AM

TOMORROW

ROOM 71 1ST FLOOR DEAR STUDENTS

TOMORROW YOUR ENGLISH ANNUAL COPIES WILL BE SHOWN IN ROOM 71 ON FIRST FLOOR AFTER AI EXAM

COMPUTER STUDENTS ARE ALSO REQUESTED TO SEE THE COPY TOMORROW AS AMANPREET MA'AM WILL BE ON BOARD CORRECTIONS AFTER 10 OF MARCH AND MA'AM WILL NOT BE THERE FOR PTM

SO MAKE YOUR PRESENCE COMPULSORY TOMORROW

AND KINDLY ACKNOWLEDGE MESSAGE WHETHER YOU WILL BE COMING OR NOT DEAR STUDENTS

TOMORROW YOUR ENGLISH ANNUAL COPIES WILL BE SHOWN IN ROOM 71 ON FIRST FLOOR AFTER AI EXAM

COMPUTER STUDENTS ARE ALSO REQUESTED TO SEE THE COPY TOMORROW AS AMANPREET MA'AM WILL BE ON BOARD CORRECTIONS AFTER 10 OF MARCH AND MA'AM WILL NOT BE THERE FOR PTM

SO MAKE YOUR PRESENCE COMPULSORY TOMORROW

AND KINDLY ACKNOWLEDGE MESSAGE WHETHER YOU WILL BE COMING OR NOT DEAR STUDENTS

TOMORROW YOUR ENGLISH ANNUAL COPIES WILL BE SHOWN IN ROOM 71 ON FIRST FLOOR AFTER AI EXAM

COMPUTER STUDENTS ARE ALSO REQUESTED TO SEE THE COPY TOMORROW AS AMANPREET MA'AM WILL BE ON BOARD CORRECTIONS AFTER 10 OF MARCH AND MA'AM WILL NOT BE THERE FOR PTM

SO MAKE YOUR PRESENCE COMPULSORY TOMORROW

AND KINDLY ACKNOWLEDGE MESSAGE WHETHER YOU WILL BE COMING OR NOT DEAR STUDENTS

TOMORROW YOUR ENGLISH ANNUAL COPIES WILL BE SHOWN IN ROOM 71 ON FIRST FLOOR AFTER AI EXAM

COMPUTER STUDENTS ARE ALSO REQUESTED TO SEE THE COPY TOMORROW AS AMANPREET MA'AM WILL BE ON BOARD CORRECTIONS AFTER 10 OF MARCH AND MA'AM WILL NOT BE THERE FOR PTM

SO MAKE YOUR PRESENCE COMPULSORY TOMORROW

AND KINDLY ACKNOWLEDGE MESSAGE WHETHER YOU WILL BE COMING OR NOT plez. mat jao. plz aajao. vapas aa. ab nahi karunga. PADHANA PADHEGA plz aaja. YES OR NO mar ja. ab mujhe bhi padhne de. bye./ BYE mera python hogya. 6 chapters to go. The Introduction to Robotics chapter in Class 9 ICSE Evergreen Book (Candid Robotics and Artificial Intelligence) provides a foundational understanding of robotics, its applications, and its relation to artificial intelligence. Here's a summary of key topics covered:

1. What is Robotics?
Robotics is a branch of technology that deals with the design, construction, operation, and use of robots.
A robot is a programmable machine that can perform tasks autonomously or semi-autonomously.
2. Components of a Robot
Sensors: Gather information from the environment (e.g., cameras, ultrasonic sensors).
Actuators: Help in movement and actions (e.g., motors, servos).
Controller: Acts as the robot's brain (e.g., microcontrollers like Arduino, Raspberry Pi).
Power Supply: Provides energy to the robot.
Software & Programming: Controls how the robot operates.
3. Types of Robots
Industrial Robots: Used in manufacturing and production.
Service Robots: Assist humans in daily tasks (e.g., vacuum cleaning robots).
Medical Robots: Assist in surgeries and healthcare.
Military & Space Robots: Used in defense and space exploration.
Autonomous Vehicles: Self-driving cars and drones.
4. Artificial Intelligence in Robotics
AI enables robots to think, learn, and adapt.
Machine Learning & Deep Learning help robots improve their performance over time.
Examples: AI-powered robots like Sophia, self-driving cars.
5. Applications of Robotics
Healthcare: Robotic surgery, patient care.
Education: Teaching aids, AI tutors.
Agriculture: Automated farming equipment.
Exploration: Space probes like NASA’s rovers.
Would you like a more detailed explanation of any specific topic? 😊 CH 1 Robot as a System – Class 9 ICSE (Evergreen Candid Robotics and Artificial Intelligence)
A robot as a system refers to the idea that a robot is a combination of various interconnected components working together to perform a specific task. Just like any other system, a robot has input, processing, and output stages.

1. Understanding a Robot as a System
A system is a collection of different parts that work together to achieve a common goal.

A robot functions as a system because it integrates hardware (physical components) and software (programming and AI) to perform tasks.
2. Components of a Robot System
A robot system consists of several essential parts:

(a) Input Unit (Sensors & Perception System)
Collects data from the environment using sensors.
Examples of sensors in robots:
Ultrasonic Sensor – Measures distance.
Infrared Sensor – Detects objects.
Camera/Vision System – Captures images for AI processing.
Microphone – Detects sound commands.
(b) Processing Unit (Controller/CPU/AI)
Works as the brain of the robot.
Takes data from sensors, processes it, and makes decisions.
Uses microcontrollers (like Arduino, Raspberry Pi) or AI-based chips.
(c) Output Unit (Actuators & Motors)
Executes the robot’s actions based on processing.
Examples of actuators:
Motors – Enable movement (wheels, arms, etc.).
Servo Motors – Control precise movements (like robotic arms).
Speakers – Provide voice output in AI robots.
(d) Power Supply
Provides energy to the system.
Can be batteries, solar power, or wired connections.
(e) Software & Programming
A robot needs a set of instructions to function.
Programming languages like Python, C++, Java are commonly used.
AI-powered robots use Machine Learning and Deep Learning to improve their tasks.
3. Working of a Robot as a System
A robot follows these steps:

Sensing (Input): Sensors gather information.
Processing (Decision Making): The controller processes the data and decides the next action.
Acting (Output): Actuators perform the required action.
Feedback Loop: Some robots check their output and adjust their actions accordingly.
4. Examples of Robots as Systems
Autonomous Cars – Use cameras, LIDAR sensors, and AI for self-driving.
Industrial Robots – Perform repetitive manufacturing tasks efficiently.
Humanoid Robots (e.g., Sophia) – Mimic human behavior using AI.
Medical Robots (e.g., Da Vinci Surgical System) – Assist in complex surgeries.
5. Importance of Robots as Systems
✅ Efficiency – Perform tasks faster and accurately.
✅ Automation – Reduce human effort in repetitive or dangerous jobs.
✅ Precision – Provide high accuracy in industries like medicine.
✅ AI Integration – Enhances problem-solving and learning abilities.

This concept helps students understand how different parts of a robot work together like a system to complete tasks efficiently.

Would you like a diagram explanation or examples in detail? 😊 null null KITNA HUA null HALF YEARLY MEIN KOI BOX KERKE QUETION THA JO SABKA GALAT THA TERKO YAAD HAI black box. .. kuch nahi. mai khana kha raha tha. nahi bhai. sahi me. ye project wala chapter khatam hi nahi ho raha. 6TH null haa. 6th wala hogya! 4 5 6 ch mai sari imp topics bata de pls Toh aab tu sone ja raha null null Idher aa nahi padha hai abhi. 5th padhne jaa raha hu. byee. 6 ka bata de bohot kuch hai usme. pura padh le usko. plus second term ka hai to aur weightage hai. 4th nahi padha hai. mujhe padhne de ab. byee. null null kitna hua? 6 pe hi hu project cycle tu subh explain kerdena bol ok. tera kitna hua null

hexadaizimal. guyz. Decimal se dekh le sabka aur baki ka decimal mein kerne ke liye sab hogya. mazedar tha. Octal se decimal hai Nhi Shayad nope. Bas binary aur decimal se sab mein kerna aata hai to ch 5 mein subh padhuga abhi soone ja raha mera to hogya. robotics wala chod ke. vo subah hoga. baaki bhad me jaye. bye. gn. Hello. null hello. null call karo. Hello hello. Sun .. Join ker null kya? Game ? Time pass mera bhai khel raha hoga. mai nahi khelta. This message was deleted Pel ke aa usse Hello Holi ka kya plan hai null Ruk Sun Aana hai Bata Poll dal tu group mein tera naam leke Aur sarthak aarnav ko call kerke kyu ki ye dono aa sakte hai Aaryan ko bhi Bol mai to literally soch raha tha ki jitne logo ko jaante hai unko bula lete hai. fir vo log apne logo ko bula lenge. aur phir ek grand party rakhenge. aur vaha bhang aur vo sab ka intezam karenge. Thik par jyada nhi null Sun kal 10 baje kal kerna ok. Bhang matlab really idk. maine kabhi pi nahi hai. bas suna hai logo se. Pata hai Hello hello. Sun tune message Kiya nah. Kerega nah. Kyu Tu nhi aa raha null +91 94549 27545 null hello. Bol kuch nahi. Thik Hello hello. Sun null Tu sabko bol de ki 13 ko aana hai thik par tab jab Tera conform ho nhi toh sabko baad mein mana kerna possible nhi ho ga vahi to. Tera conform hai null .. null Sun agar tu aa sakta hai toh bata de phir mai logo ko bulata hu Allen ki bhi baat kerni hai toh jab free ho message drop ker dena Kyuki mai abhi bhar hu im free. .. null Bhar hu kar call. .. ok. mai aajaunga. Toh kal mai apne doston ko bulata hu Tu bhi bula Aur aryan ko bhi kehna Kal 10 baje meet mein aana Kyuki phone nhi hoga mere pass ok. MEET MEIN AA JANA null null null null Hello null hata diya. jaldi join kar. ab nahi karunga. pakka. tune kyu bola tha "karta kya hai" Aaj kya padhaya kuch zyaada nahi. bas vahi basic chal raha hai. and you won't believe kitni simple chize padha rahe hai. Topic bata null force. contact non contact. fbd. maths me ratio proportion. bio me cell, pichli class ka. *revision sort of. null Cnd kaise laga aur hame kaise pata null Utha hai Helo video dekh na. Tu hi hai This message was deleted Chatgpt generated hai video dekh le concept samajhne ke liye gadhe. Par vo pata hai mai jaa raha sone. Ruk 3a aur 2b kaha gaya Galat hoga shaya This message was deleted nahi hai galat bhai. youtube pe dekh le. aur ye chatgpt se puchna. Yaha alag hai pata hai. Aur ghuma ke kerna toh cross se hi hai ik. Mai ja raha chatgpt ko mail kerne ki answer galat hai aur iske Karan mujhe stress hua chatgpt se follow up questions puch sakte hai bhai. byee. null null telegram. *use karle. aise questions hai isme. bas English wala dekh le phir practice test de denge ek saath. null null null null Call utha This message was deleted Kal aa raha haa. shayad. null null Nice Maine aadha dekha tha rod ke questions tak Aaj kya hua tu kyu nahi aaya tha. Allen nhi tha kyuki .. kuch nahi. copy work THEME null haa, vo sab bhi hai. aur title bhi. iske Pehle. Toh bhej null nahi kiya hai. Class mein nahi hua tha kya Pratyush ya abhinav ya shaswat ne kiya hoga null teeno ne nahi kiya tha. nah. Khud se kerna hai null Chat mein rah tu pagal hai kya? itni baar call kyu kar raha hai? Kyuki tu message jaldi nhi padh raha Wapis null null Title Justification
The title "With the Photographer" fits because the story is about the narrator’s time with a photographer. The word "with" hints at their interaction and differences. The photographer is eccentric, obsessed with artistic perfection, while the narrator believes in self-acceptance and reality. The title sets up the clash between their views. It also makes readers curious—what happens in this meeting? The simplicity of the title mirrors the narrator’s straightforward thinking, while the deeper meaning reflects the photographer’s need for control over art.

Theme Justification
This chapter highlights the struggle between artistic perfection and self-acceptance. The photographer is eccentric, focusing on fixing every flaw. He believes perfection makes art beautiful. The narrator, however, values reality and self-acceptance. He does not want to hide his true face. This theme shows how people see beauty differently. Some chase perfection, while others embrace their flaws. It also makes us think—should art change reality or show it as it is? The story questions whether perfection is necessary or if being real is enough. Here are the answers based on the provided text:

1) **Where was the narrator?**
The narrator was in a **photo studio** to get his photograph taken.

2) **Why had he gone there? Why do you think the photographer asked him to sit in the chair?**
He went there to **get a photograph of himself**. The photographer asked him to sit in the chair so he could **adjust his posture and take the picture properly**.

3) **What does the word ‘pivot’ mean in this context? Why did the narrator ask, “Is it my tie?”**
'Pivot' here means **a key point or moment**. The narrator asked, “Is it my tie?” because he thought the photographer was looking for something wrong in his clothing, not his face.

4) **Which of the narrator’s facial features had the photographer attended to?**
The photographer **criticized and changed the narrator’s nose, mouth, eyebrows, ears, and even removed his facial hair**.

5) **What was the only part of the narrator’s face that remained original in the photograph?**
Nothing was original in the photograph. The **photographer had altered everything** about the narrator’s face.

6) **At the end of the story, the narrator tears the photograph and throws it away. What makes him angry? How would you justify the narrator’s anger at the photograph?**
He was angry because **the photographer completely changed his appearance** instead of capturing his real face. He felt like his **true self was erased**. His anger is justified because **he wanted a real memory, not an artificial version of himself**. GALAT HAI nah. 1 AND 2 i fed chatgpt the chapter text exact. bilkul sahi hai. 😂 PROOF KI JAGAH PIVOT Is it my tie null vo question galat le liya. sorry. TOH MAI KYA BOL RAHA THA Here are the answers based on the provided text:

1) **Where was the narrator? Why had he gone there? Why do you think that there was a certain pride in the photographer’s manner?**
- The narrator was in a **photo studio** to get his **photograph taken**.
- The photographer showed **a certain pride in his manner** because he had **heavily edited the narrator’s photograph**, altering his features to fit his own artistic vision. He was proud of his editing skills and believed he had improved the narrator’s appearance.

2) **What does the word ‘proof’ mean in this context? Why did the narrator ask, “Is it me?”**
- ‘Proof’ in this context refers to **a trial or test print of the photograph before making the final version**.
- The narrator asked, **“Is it me?”** because the **photographer had drastically changed his facial features**, making him look completely unrecognizable.

3) **Which of the narrator’s facial features had the photographer altered?**
- The photographer had altered the **eyebrows, mouth, ears, and facial hair**.
- He removed the narrator’s original eyebrows and drew new ones, adjusted his mouth, removed facial hair, and even suggested removing his ear to replace it with an artificial one.

4) **What was the only part of the narrator’s face that seemed original in the photograph?**
- Nothing seemed original in the photograph, as **almost every part of his face was edited**. The photographer had changed so much that the narrator no longer recognized himself.

5) **At the end of the story, the narrator flies into a rage. What makes him angry? How would you justify the narrator’s angry outburst?**
- The narrator was **angry** because the **photographer had completely changed his appearance**, prioritizing his editing skills over capturing the narrator’s real face. The narrator had wanted a simple, natural photograph that would remind his friends of him after his death, but the photographer ignored his wishes.
- His **anger is justified** because he felt **disrespected and unseen**—his face was not merely a thing to be fixed but a part of his identity. The photographer's excessive alterations made the narrator feel like a stranger in his own photograph.

Let me know if you need any refinements! ab sahi hai? likh liye> ? This message was deleted answers check karke bata sahi hai ya nahi. Ruk abhinav se puchta hu ### **1) What did the photographer do? Why was he in the machine only for a second? What was frantic for apparently?**
The photographer rolled a machine into the center of the room and crawled into it from behind. He was inside the machine for only a second because he was adjusting the focus or preparing the camera for the photograph. He appeared frantic because he was concentrating on setting up the shot quickly and efficiently.

### **2) Why did the narrator keep still when the photographer crawled back into the machine again? How did the photographer look when he came out at last?**
The narrator kept still because he thought it was necessary for the photograph to be taken properly. He assumed that any movement might ruin the picture. When the photographer finally came out, he looked satisfied, as if he had completed his work successfully.

### **3) What did the photographer remark about the narrator’s face then? How did the narrator respond? What made him glad?**
The photographer criticized the narrator’s face, pointing out various flaws such as his ears and mouth. He suggested adjusting them to make the portrait look better. The narrator was annoyed and insulted by these remarks but did not argue. He was glad when the session was finally over and he could leave.

### **4) Towards the end of the story, what was the reaction of the narrator on receiving the photograph? Why did he react in such a manner? Why does he call the photograph a ‘worthless bauble’?**
When the narrator received the photograph, he was shocked and disappointed. The photographer had altered his face so much that he could not recognize himself. He reacted with frustration because the photograph did not represent him at all. He called it a ‘worthless bauble’ because it was meaningless to him—it was no longer his real face, just an artificial version created by the photographer.

### **5) What do you think about the photographer from his activities in the extract? Give one reason to support your answer. What is the theme of the story “With the Photographer”?**
The photographer seems overly focused on technical perfection rather than capturing the subject’s true likeness. He is critical and insensitive, making unnecessary changes to the narrator’s face. This shows that he prioritizes his artistic vision over the emotions of his customers.

The theme of the story revolves around **vanity, the unrealistic standards of beauty, and the frustration of not being seen for who we truly are**. It highlights how people try to alter reality to fit an idealized version, often leading to dissatisfaction. ye sahi hai. check kar le. Tu abhi kaam ker raha haa thodi der me. jaldi check kar le na. mere paas tumhari scale hai. jaldi bata. Thik hai Sahi hai mere hisab se ok. null Kaam ho gaya Aur tera lang ka kaam pura hai jo copy mai syllabus likhaya tha nhi toh mang lena dede. ma'am ne toh alag alag kerke likhaya tha null Call back ker null chat.com kar le. Maine iss liye call nhi Kiya tha gadhe null Bye bye. aaoge aaj? Tu aa raha nah. . Mai bhi Agar aata toh aa jata null null Tune kisi aur ko message Kiya null null null null null null null null null Utha mai niche hu vo uper hai null null null null pagal mai meeting me tha. 10 baar call kiya tune. ab utha na. null null null Sorry null null null null Dekh 10 kilo in 9 months null ruk. meet me hu. Ok Ye join kerle Phir kal baat kerre hai null Call back ker le Happy new Year broooo🥳✨ hey, happy new year! 🥳

i wish all your wishes come true this year. Hii Hindi lang ka course pata hai hey. Nhi grammer me particularly kya aa rha hai? ye to mujhe bhi nahi pata. ☠️ 😭 Bhyy Tumne kisi ko mera number diya hai kya?? Dusra vala nope. why do you ask? Eng me baat na kro Pakka nhi diya kisi ko b?? Mummi kasam?? नहीं। आप क्यों पूछ रही हैं? Arree yrrr Arree mummy kasam nahi diya hai. vaise tumhara dusra no. hai konsa? actually me 3 hai. 923525.... Haa Dusra Toh nhi diya ki diya?? diya diya na karo. 😭 Arree dil tute aashik Tum itna batao bas nahi diya hai yar. Achhaa Okk no, please don't. I wont she'd freak out. probably, full of disgust at the thought of me. I saw what was going on in the grp sorry about it too. i apologize. Arree y me ye konsi bhasha likh di? Meko sorry kyu bol rhe idk. ig usko nahi bol sakta. Hn again sorry about it. and for disturbing too. Disturbing ?? Kahe kind of. im talking about myself from the beginning. just for the record - tell me, how are you? Gud Arre its fine arre gud = jaggery hota hai. good hota hai. ☠ Gud nvm, i hope everything else is fine. Itna type krk sirf itna Kya type kr rhe the bhyy Hm pura paragraph likh dala tha. phir socha ki ye sab bolne ki zrurat nahi hai. lol. hamesha aisa hi hota hai. U can If u want obv.. yea, thanks for being there. Its alright Ok then Dhanyawad bhaii batane k liye Pata nhi kaha se number mil rhe logo ko mere mai kisko hi janta hu ki no. de dunga. lol. and one more thing, youre a great person in general. so just keep the positivity radiating.
(not tryna flirt or anything, idk why people always frame me for this) thanks for the talk. byee. Byee Aww thank u.. Sure😂😂 bhai fr yar, ek baar ke liye ache se baat karli to kya flirt kar raha hu mai? 😭 Log aur unki soch You can't really do anything abt it.. yea, ig that right. again, byee, have a great week or month or year ahead. i can't predict our next chat time. *thats. Achhaa Mai toh pareshan krungi bhyy Bahut jald Byee looking forward to it tbh. thanks. byee. Byeee How was the Ptm broo hey. mat pucho yar. ptm thik thi, marks to puchna bhi mat. 😭 😂😭 how was yours? Sameee Marks bekar hai yrr janta hu. tum mera hi chapti thi pehle. 😂 Comp matlab Aryan ka, jo ki mera chapta tha. Aryan ka kab chapa Darr lgta tha meko uska chhapne me vo mera hi chapta tha. yaad nahi? tumne bhi bohot chapa hai. 😂 Practical me toh yaad hai chhapa hai Exam ka yaad nhi Bhaii cambridge me toh aaj se shuru b ho gya practical me kisne nahi chapa tha mera. uss din literally aadhe logo ko to maine bachaya tha. 😂 10th ka sessjon kya? Session* wth. rai ke lage honge badhiya se. 😂the saviour Haa vhi bataya fr. lol. 😂 how are you btw? Bahut achhi hu mai But kuch logo ko buri b lgta hu 😂 Kuch logo ko tum ache se jante ho jaise? any hints? No hints U just know them very will Well* like "very well"? 🧐 Two girls two? im close to only one. im guessing that is one of the answer. if yk what i mean. pari included hai kya? but usse kab dushmani hui. Pari?? Pratyush? ofc. pari hi hai. ya phir Khushi? Khushi kushagra?? nvm, you talking about biological females? *are you. Yess one of them i know then. the other, no idea. and you know who i am talking about. so just gimme some hints about the second one. Arre bestfriend vahi to ek pata hai. dusri kon hai? 😭 Tumhari b toh best friend thi kiski baat ho rahi hai yaha pe. 😭 just say it out. i ain't no Sherlock Holmes. Koi nhi bhyyy Forget it ek to tumhare ye ajeeb se shabd. kuch samajh hi nahi aata hai. Bhyyy mane bhaii Nhi mane mahi Nahi* ek saal kya mai alag hogya, sab aage nikal gaye. koi update bhi nahi karta ki kya hua hai. 😭 Arre aisa kya hua hai Kuch nhi hua hai to vo kon do log the? Ak and jaiswal wtf. they both weren't even on my list. 🫠 I thought they were ak was. that other person crowned me as her "MaLe bEsTiE." and my dumb ass kept saying "yes, yes" to her cus i didn't want anyone to feel out of place. and hell na, that was my mistake. 😂😂 Mai toh maze leti thi bhyy 7th aur 8th bhar mereko lagta tha ki mai achha insaan hu. kya pata tha ki ye chiz backfire ho jayegi. and that too in the worst possible way. nvm, why am i even ranting about this? She was lit like arjun is my male bestie usk baare me kuch b bura lge toh mujhe aakar batana 😂😂 fr. 😂 and we all know what was actually the story going on. Hm obv well that girl. she ain't a girl. she is a devil. 😂she always was Bandi ko merese kya problem thi I could not figure it out yet damn, she came into my life, ruined it and went away. like wtf girl. what is wrong with you. she used to literally pull up the female card on me. and i didn't even say "NO" to her. haa, vaise tumse kya problem thi? U literally went thru some real shit that time Pta nhi and after all the things happened, then came the final hit. and you know what was the "final hit" kabhi kuch kaha tha kya usse? Phaltu bolti thi toh sunti thi meri bhi yahi galati thi. Aur unko ye b lagta hai ki maine plaksha aur mishika ko unse le liya wth? ye kab kahani me hua? vo dono khud conflict me the. remember, ak usse baat nahi kar rahi thi, idk what reason, so she used to come to me and pull the victim card? vo dono khud confusion me the. lol. 😂 ab aur confusion badha rahe hai. How can I forget that broo Meko b nhi pta Ig 6th aur 7th me ye sab dost thi But 8th me mai close ho gyi Thats y oh haa. you're right. so yea, let's talk tomorrow. *if you want ofc. byee. Byeee Sureee Bhyy % kitne aae?? heyo. nothing impressive. downfall shuru hogya. ☠ 83% aaye hai. Theek toh hai haa, but sirf theek hi hai. tumhare kitne hai? Hm 76 thik to hai. pichli baar kitni thi? mere to kam hi hue hai. 76 😂🥲 no loss. no gain. lol. Yepp and so, whats up? All gud arre yar good likhne me itna kya ho jata hai. mai gud padh leta hu. phir recheck karna padta hai. 😭 Gud Arree Good vala gud Smjh jaya kro okie. 🥲 Yess Oh hi..... Wat u doing? Ntg Aur batao Jaise .... kya batau?? Kuch bhi Jaise i just analysed myself and I realized that I've change quite a lot ...... jaise I've become really quiet and loud at the same time??? Yea 2rue Kisse baat kar Rahi ho? Online ho par no reply???? Kisse nhi ..... bas kuch soch rhi thi Kya?? Kuch Khaas nhi .... aise hi Batao yr Plz Kuch nhi aise ho soch rhi thi faltu ki baatein Jaise? Jaise kuch bhi nhi Random Screenshots Ananya ka reaction dekho 😂 Hmmm Mood Kharab hai kya?? You ☺️ Yeh saal bhi kuch khas nhi h Kyu? ?? R u okay? Pata lekin iss saal me kuch bhi sahi nhi ho rha Sara kaam bigad ja rha h It was too good yr True but kuch chize bhut acchi bhi hui hai Kuch acha nhi hua h Ek ach chiz ka naam bata do Mere liye to hua Voh toh ham 2022 me bhi the To saal bhi Abhi shuru hi hua hai Itne close wale nahi, aur vaise bhi pehle tum 1/2girlfriend nahi thi 🙃😉 Hello Block kyu Kiya hai? Mujhse koi galati hui hai? I'm very sorry for it Hello? wth "bro"? Sorry sorry That was not for u such a relief Vaise did u bring ur phone to school?? yea btw im bringing tomorrow also so can I have a pic with you? Yea sure mai vahi bolne vali thi tumse thanks.. did Ishaan give you "that"? i am sorry i was not there I was too afraid He did Actually I wanted to say smtg yea ofc go ahead i am sorry my poetry is not that good but tried my best Actually I'm really really really really sorryyyyyyyyyy why?? what happened? it everything okay? And also voh poetry mai Pehele hi padh chuki thi kaise? Palki ne bheji thi 😭😭😭😭 fir se surprise ruin! 😭 ye batao kyu? Arree yarr Kal bataungi yar tum phirse aaj nahi aayi thi, kal aajana i beg Aaj palki aayi hi nhi mai ussi ka wait karti reh gyi koi na btw i am in a great trouble my mom read the chats with you 😭 Ik palki told me What's the scene now?? even worse never mind Matlab...... taane pad rhe h nahi par silence is the best reply mummy ne baat karna chodd diya Tumne manaya nhi?? kuch nahi kar paya sab padh liya mummy ne koi baat nahi sach to sach hai mummy ko bola hai "maine isliye nahi bataya tha kyuki iss zamane me ladkio se dosti log nahi karte na, to mujhe laga awkward lagega" par mummy ne sab padha hai to phone gaya, computer gaya, sab gaya mummy to ye bhi pata hai 1.5 saal se ye chal raha hai idk how Message kaise kar rhe ho?? computer se Tu bhi toh pagal hi h ..... yeh nhi ki delete kar de fir se bro? tumhe kya pata, i can't delete majboori hai Arree aadat ho gyi h sabse bro bro karke hi baat kar rhi hu aaj kal mujhe pata hai torture kar rahi ho Nhi kar rhi hu Ek ladka tha flirt kar rha tha toh uske sath bro bro karke baat kar rhi thi ..... fir flow flow me sabke sath karne lagi kam se kam mere saath na karo, it hurts kon hai ye prani? Tum bas kam se kam hi kiya karo pagal sab to mere pe gussa ke chale jate hai Ab sab kaha se aa gya iss me?? hi sorry lecture sunne gaya tha aur batao how its going btw you left your rakhi with me, I'll return it tomorrow chalo byeeeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 school ke wifi ka pass yaad hai? maine dikhaya tha yaad hai to kal dedena Kya bola aunty ne??? Mahip told me u threw it ..... Well ishaan broke his one I received his one in pieces Bye Suno pictures bhej do Thanku isme thank you ki kya baat hai? btw tumne bataya nahi poem kaisi thi The Moon is Beautiful, isn't it? Byeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Suno Yea? Nisha ko kya hua h???? Kuch nahi Idk about this one He is normal though the day Kuch hua hai kya? Pata nhi bhut chid kar baat kar rha h Bol rha h maine kuch kiya h aur har topic me tumhari baat kar rha h Idk about thid *this Ohhk Btw not to mention, you were looking like an angel today I literally mean what I say I have no words to describe your look today😍 Chalo byeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Fake compliments toh matt do yarr Dude kuch tha hi nhi toh kya hi describe karoge Mai fake compliments kyu dunga? You were looking so pretty yesterday, I can't describe Vaise iske baare me pata chala?? Nah pata nhi kya hua h ...... tumse kaise baat kar rha tha??? Suno annwita se baat karo apna matter sort out karo ASAP Ekdum Normal, vaise hum logo ki to baat bhi nahi hui kal Yea srry Unknown Contact = You
Unknown Contact2 = Plaksha Yoy I m getting bored Ye pata chala? Nhi yarr Tumhari Yaad aarahi hai yr 🥺😭 I beg please sapno me mat aaya karo Mai khud thodi na aati hu Tum khud bulate ho Sunooooo Rudra 8th L me gya??? Haa 😭😭 Kaise pata?? Usne khud bola Mat aaya karo yr 😭 aur zyaada yaad aajati hai 😭😭 Tumhare khayalo par mera kaabu nhi h tumhara h Tum khud laate ho Thodi der me baat karta hu Dude nhi baat karna tha toh bata dete atleast mai wait toh nhi karti rehti 😒 Agar baat nhi karni thi toh bata dete atleast mai wait toh nhi karti 😒 sorrrryyyy aaj bhut bura din gaya hai to kuch dimag hi nahi chal raha text karne ka bhi man nahi kar raha im so sorryy yarr मैं आपसे क्षमा चाहता हूँ Dude jab yaad na aati ho na tab jhuth matt bola Karo...... matlab replacement dhund li aur bataya bhi nhi ..... aur mujhse bol rhe the ki naya best friend mil jaayega Kon hai replacement? Wth u talking about Jhuth kyu bolunga? u still doubt my love for you? i  sincerely hope tumko mil jaye koi aur "boy best friend" cus phir you will be your way and me my way i was never able to express doesn't mean I didn't love you. u still come in my dreams, I have no words yr, how can u even think this? I nvr said that you mean that ? No I don't ? ek chiz achhe se sun lo - no one ever can replace you replace ki baat chodo, one one is like you Agar doubt kiya hota toh patch up karne ki na soch rhi hoti kya zrurat hai mujhse baat karne ki, apni zindagi se nikal to diya hi hai, ab block bhi kar do, khatam baat patch up ka kyu soch rahi ho? ek aur baat sun lo - i don't want to see you hurt again, this was the reason I am supporting you in blocking me Maine tumhe apni life se nikala h ya nhi yeh mujhe pata h na ki tumhe Tum abhi tak mujhe samajh nhi paaye aur kehte ho u love me i don't want to see you hurt again, this was the reason I am supporting you in blocking me sirf kehta nahi hu, aur kya kar sakta hu? batao galati meri hai to sudhar bhi mujhko hi karna padega na This proves that u don't love me Cus agar karte toh meri baat sunnte aur maine tumhe kitne hi baar kaha h ki har chiz ke liye khud ko matt blame kiya karo at of the day galati meri hai to sudhar nahi karunga kya? i do 😭 Kya galti h??? Ab jab tumhe lag rha h ki galti tumhari h toh kya h voh bhi bata do Bolo ab kya hua??? u were hurt because me agar mai hota hi nahi to kuch hota hi nahi How come??? it is clearly written in your "EVERYTHING.pdf" Nhi usme voh saari chize likhi thi jiske baare me mujhe misunderstanding thi ya jo sach thi lekin uska positive side maine nhi dekha Aur sir aap mujhe batayenge ki Iska matlab mai kya samjhu Yehi samjhu na ki tum mujhe starting se chodna chahte the bas ek bahane ka intezaar tha hell no i meant ki this is better for you aur itne saari chize hogayi hai ki ab to baat karne ka man nahi karta tbh itni saari chize hogyi hai ki sahi me marne ka man kar raha hai plus ab kissi ko bata bhi nahi sakta Maine yeh toh kabhi nhi bola tha ki tum apni problem lekar mere paas nhi aa sakte jab tumhe mujhse takleef ho sakti hai to meri problems se kyu nahi? Maine kabhi yeh nhi kaha ki mujhe tumse takleef h Mai isliye tumhe apni problems nhi batati thi kyunki tum ghum phir kar usse apne upar hi blame kar lete ho kya pata sach bhi to ho sakta ha tabbhi batana chahiye tha tumhe, koi baat nahi Sach nhi h Toh kya mujhe bura nhi lagta h kya jab tum har chiz ke liye khud ko blame karte ho kya farak padta hai vaise bhi perspective ka khel hai, tabbhi yr batana chahiye tha Kya karti bata kar jab baad me tum khud ko hi blame karte Mujhe pata to rehta, what u r going through Toh mujhe toh bura lagta ki tum khud ko blame kar rhe ho meri vajah se Tumhari vajah se mujhe aaj tak kabhi Bura nahi laga Lekin meri vajah se tum apne aap ko blame karte ho To kya hua? Ab aadat hai Phir se Bata Raha hu ye jhuth nahi tha, aur mujhe tumhari yaad aati hai, koi replacement nahi hai I'm still wondering how can you even think of me getting a replacement Toh agar mai khud ko blame karu yeh keh kar ki meri vajah se tum marna chahte ho toh kya voh sahi h ..... [although sach toh h] Bologe??? Maine ye nahi kaha ki Mai tumhari vajah se marna chahta hu, Maine ye kaha ki mai inn halato ki vajah se marna chahta hu Nah, galat hai Yeh halat meri vajah se aayi h Nah! Maine Abhi puri baat hi nahi batayi hai Batau? Aaj kal bhut saari chize hui hai, kissi Ko Bata bhi nahi Sakta 😭 Ofc 1) pehli chiz tumne block Kiya
2) mummy ne chats padhi
3) thappad
4) 80% result + 20% daant = 100% result(Mummy ne bhut data)
5) bhut akela sa feel ho Raha hai, Aisa lag Raha hai ki koi aisa hai hi nahi jisko Mai kuch Bata saku
6) phone Gaya
7) Mummy computer bhi band karvane wali hai 😭😭 Thappad kyun??? Annwita wala 🙂 Ohh ye hafta me kuch bhi achha nahi jaa raha hai 😭 Mai Mari toh hu nhi jo tum share nhi kar sakte tabbhi yr dar lagta hai Kya ki mai tumhe kha jaungi?? 😅 nahi pata nahi kyu mujhe laga tha ki sabko respect, love dunga to return me mujhe bhi milega par ye sach nahi hai Jo value kare usse hi deni chahiye nobody values a nice person these days Aisa nhi h ki nobody values There r people out there who value love and nice people Oh I got it, the problem is I haven't met them till now Haa yeh ho sakta h upar se books ka cost itna zyaada hai 829 are for only the eng lit book Usme 3 books set me h but kitni patli patli hai 829 is not worth this Hmm inn sabke baad ab kissi se baat karne ka man bhi nahi kar raha. uss thappad ke baad ab to ladkiyo se muh uth gaya Tumne panga bhi toh annwita jaiswal se liya tha maine kya kiya tha? meri galati hi kya thi? Dare wali baat konsa dare? Propose kiya tha phir dare keh diya tha vo to dare mila tha Aur koi galti nhi h ..... uske hisab se tumhe usse pyaar Hona chahiye aisa kyu ?🫠 meri mummy ne kal bola tha ki "Beta inn sab se nikal jao, tum bhut sensitive ho" par lagta hai ye mujhse bhi zyaada sensitive ha Nobody:-
Me:- Voh sensitive nhi toxic h .... fact: mai bhadka nhi rhi .... but usne mujhe bhut manipulate kiya h vo to obvious hai, usse mujhpe crush hai aur mujhe tumpe joke tha yr haso to Pata h vahi dhund rhi thi koi acha emoji Yarr lekin kya trick hoti thi uski manipulate karne ki Usse baat ki tumne?? nah discord pe friend se hata diya aur messages disable kar diye hai Kyun??? Ek baar baat kar lete .... dekh lete kya bol rhi h Varna phir mera sar khayegi aur taane maaregi sorrrryyyy mujhe kya pata Tumne hi block Kiya tumhe hi nhi pata?? maine nahi kiya usne kiya hai Ohh the problem i was nice to her, I should have blocked her when she told she had a crush on me, koi problem hi nahi hoti Kyun?? koi problem hi nahi hoti achha ye chodo ye batao ki vo poem kaisi thi Bhut achi thi .... aur phir tum bolte ho ki tumhe poem likhna nhi aati Mast thi arre 3rd try thi pehle 2 fail hogya tha 3rd me pata nahi konsa motivation aagaya nishant ka pata chala kuch? Fail matlab??? Acha nhi tha??? Nhi yaar pagal ho gya h haa itna achha nhi tha Aur batao?? pehli baar tumne pucha kuch nahi tum batao Kal raat bhar roi hu mai ..... reason matt puchna mai aisa dost nahi hu ki tum ro aur mujhe farak na pade ab batao kya hua? nahi mai puchunga, mera hak hai puchna kya hua? batao ? Nhi yrr reason bhut ... matlab bevakoufo vala reason h batao hasunga nahi share kar sakti ho yr, bharosa rakho bata sakti ho yr, itna bhi bevakufo wala nahi hoga 2 reason tha ek serious tha aur ek bevakoufo vala dono batao Serious vala mai nhi bataungi ..... dusra vala bata sakti hu phir bhi dusra wala hi batao Mummy aur didi leti hui thi aur mai bich me ghus rhi thi isliye mummy ne data tha 🫠 hasi nahi ruk rahi ye kya baat hui 😆 serious wala bhi bata do ab Nhi voh nhi bata rhi ohk yar itni si baat pe kon rota hai, chill karo yr Tumhe nhi pata ... sympathy lene ke liye karna padta h arre ha, mera bhai bhi same chiz karta hai 🫠 Chote siblings ka yehi fanda hota h kaash mujhe bhi mila hotaaa Kya ??chota siblings??? haa par thik hi hai, mere bhai ki aukat nahi hai mera phone chune ki Hai toh tumhara bhai chota hai na bada hota Acha h nhi h yaarr Jab dekho tab chali aati h phone check karne Mummy ko bolti h mera phone le le same hum famous hogye, pata bhi nahi chala Isse mere baare me pata h??? idk Aur yeh kaam kiska h?? kushagra ki girl bestie hai Yaarr kya pagalait aurat h ....  mujhe iss ladki se sakt nafrat h Ek no. ki playgirl h Haa pata h vo to hai true Iske 11 bfs h 🫣😶‍🌫️ wth sahi me? Haa boyfriends ya phir boy friends? Jao tum bhi ban jao 12th ...... phir mujhe uske nature ke baare me batana Boyfriends nah, mere liye tum kafi ho 8th me Romeo & Juliet hai ab padhne me maza aayega kushagra se puch lo Haa pata h Yarr mujhe toh bio padhna h koi specific chapter? 🫣😶 ye dekho kal ki baat ek aur ladki ko mere upar crush hai - Pragati, thank god isne school chodd diya Arrree yaarr mujhe uski setting karni thi Pragati ki? kiske saath? Mai janti hu pragati ko Achi ladki thi ? Tumhare sath aur kiske sath pagal ho kya? thi? mar gayi kya? Nhi chali gyi pagal Bechari bhut pagal thi tumhare pyaar me toh maine socha kisi ka bhala karte h hamari to baat bhi nahi hui yr aise kaise? arre uska chodo mera bhala karva do Pata h .... ladki hi itna sharma rhi thi apne crush ke sath setting karvane me ki tumhe baat karne ka mauka hi NHi mila Karva denge tumhara bhi bhala ..... bolo kiske sath setting karvani h ?? tumhare saath Arre mere paas ek bindaas idea h... bolo? Hainn?? Yeh kab hua?? ye baat complete karo kuch batana hai ye batao Kya ?? Pehele tum batao maine pichle hafte sapne me dekha ki Mai Tum aur Ishaan Plaksha - double date pe gaye hai phir kuch kuch hota hai yaad nahi phir ishaan beech me chodd ke bhag jaata hai aur phir plaksha bhut roti hai Phir??? phir plaksha bhi chali jati hai Phir??? phir mai tumko propose karta hu 😶 aur tum accept kar leti ho 🫠 sapna lagta hai sapna hi reh jayega 🫠🫣😶‍🌫️ Phir???? phir sab apne raste (ghar chale gaye aur kya?) kuch bhi bolo - sapna bhut achha tha Kuch adventures nhi hua .... matlab ki jaise dons aa gye ya aliens aa gye?? nahi romantic hua tha bas pata nahi mujhe hi aise sapne kyu aate hai vaise ye subah ka sapna tha to sach ho sakta hai ab ye batao Mera idea tha ki since annwita is madly in love with kyun na tum ussi ka Sapna sach kar do .... aur tumne hi toh apni story par dala tha ki koi bhi gf ban jaaye tum compromise kar loge ..... it's a golden opportunity ✨️ Aur kya pata uske sath rehte rehte tumhe bhi usse pyaar ho jaaye Tum bhi khush voh bhi khush i have no words for this! matlab how can u even think this Ab isme kya galat h?? i am in love with you and only you, koi aur nahi chahiye story pe to aise hi dala tha vaise tumhe uski itni chinta kyu hai? Voh kya tha ?? Phir se bhejoooo Chinta nhi h ..... usne meri vajah se bhut suffer kiya h .... I mean voh mujhe bhut kosti h aur mujhse bhut chidti bhi h Mujhe nhi dekhna ki koi meri vajah se suffer kare sabki alag alag destiny hoti hai life has a different question paper for all, no cheating would help yr how can u even think about this? i already told ya' i am in love with you and only you, one other girl would help stop thinking about this But ... but kuch nahi hota bas baat khatam Arre lekin batao lekin kya? How can u be so heartless yr usse vo wali vibe nahi aati jo tumse aati hai Konsi vibes?? pata nahi bas baat khatam, ye nahi ho sakta ok? Ji sir sir kyu? ab kya galati kar di maine? Ek baar try karne me kya harz h?? nahi kar sakta, i told ya' "you and only you" Voh toh pata h h but ek baar?? nope Alright ... theek h Thanksss I hope you understand, I truly love you and only you, and I will give whatever it takes to be yours U understand, right? Yep Thnx Itne Dino ke Baad baat karke achha lag Raha hai, bhut halka feel ho Raha hai. Thanks girl🙂❤️ Listen, mujhe WhatsApp pe block kar do Mummy Ko Shak hai isliye Plaksha ne bataya hoga - chats padh li Haa bataya h It's been 10 days and now we are finally talking 17March - 27March Haa yarr baat toh h Ek baat kahu? Bolo You one can ever replace you. Leave replacement no one is like you 😍🤗 After all mai one and only piece jo bani hu Ofc 😍 Chahiye?? Nashe to tumhare Kar hi rakhe hai, koi zrurat nahi hai Mai cocain lag rhi hu jo mere nashe karoge kya pata, par kar rakhe hai atulya ki didi inko alag hi gussa aaraha hai 😆🤣 Tum uski didi se chatting kar rhe ho??? nahi bas status pe reply diya block kar diya ladai hogyi atulya ki didi se BTS v/s Andrew Tate mai Andrew ki side aur vo BTS ki side 🤣🤣 Sahi h ladte rahi Atulya ne call kiya h tum dono ko gariya rhi h haa kon bataya? Kya kon bataya?? Ye Ki hum call pe lad rahe the Nhi atulya ne mujhe call kiya h Achha Girls :- Boys don't take care of things we give them
Boys :- Abhi tak rakha h??? ekdum sambhal ke all safe in this extra security But kyun??? *yaade* Buri yaade??? yaade to yaade hoti hai Phir bhi phir bhi kya? future ke liye rakha hai Future ke liye ??? haa future *yaade* Koi life insurance policy thodi h voh idk but yaade Tum kya kar rhe ho?? pehle tum journaling Hainn??? Bhejoo Nhiiii Bheejooo phir se? Haa abhi toh padhna shuru kiya tha arre, personal hai yr chalo bhej deta hu Ohhh noicee isme noice kya hai? Pata nhi Kuch samajh nhi aaya kya bolu toh yehi bol diya kuch kharab likha tha kya? Aisa kab kaha maine??? nahi just asking The number of words 😏 vahi to dikhana tha adha padh hi liya hai to pura padh lo Today, I faced a very challenging and unexpected situation that shook me to the core. My best friend, Mishika, with whom I shared everything, suddenly blocked me and stopped communicating with me. This was a huge blow to me, and I felt lost and alone. I couldn't understand what had gone wrong, and why she had chosen to cut me off completely. I tried to reach out to her, but all my attempts went in vain.

Despite my efforts, the situation remained the same, and I was forced to confront the idea that our friendship might be over. This realisation was difficult to accept, and I found myself struggling to come to terms with it. However, with time, I learned that sometimes, people come into our lives for a reason, and when that reason is fulfilled, they move on. (future: however this wasn’t true at all)

This experience taught me many valuable lessons about life and relationships. I realized that it's important to appreciate the people in our lives while we have them, and not take them for granted. I also learned that we can't control the actions of others, but we can control how we respond to them.

Despite the pain and confusion that I felt, I decided to focus on my own well-being and take care of myself. Though I still miss Mishika and hope to see her again someday, I am grateful for the memories we shared, and for the people who have remained by my side through thick and thin.

I was feeling so down and alone that I decided to revisit the old conversations that I had with my dear friend and crush Mishika. As I went through them, the memories brought tears to my eyes. It was so hard to accept that someone who had played such an important role in my life was suddenly gone.

I had never imagined that our friendship would come to such an abrupt end. Mishika had been my confidante, my crush, and my rock. We had shared everything with each other, from our deepest secrets to our wildest dreams. She was the one person who understood me better than anyone else. "I had never imagined that our friendship would come to such an abrupt end. Mishika had been my confidante, my crush, and my rock. We had shared everything with each other, from our deepest secrets to our wildest dreams. She was the one person who understood me better than anyone else."
*Aisa kab hua yaar mujhe toh pata bhi nhi chala ki mai kisi ke liye itni important bhi hu* mai kabhi bata hi nahi paya, sorry Nhi koi nhi aaj pata chala? Shayad kam se kam aaj to pata chala chalo byeeeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Byee Good night Btw ishaan aur palki ka alag hi romance chal rha h kal batana byeeee Bye Tum ro kyun rhe the?? *the nah btw Good Evening Sorry it was a typing error Deepu bol rha tha nah Sach batao sach bata raha, aankhe jal rahi thi, pata nahi kya hogaya tha isko kya nashe hai sorry kyu?? nahi hai bfs iske Pata nhi akshita bata rhi thi galat hai, vaise bandi dil se acchi hai Hainn!! ..... maine toh iske baare me bas galat chize hi suni h upar se lagti ha, andar se vaisi nahi hai Hmm aur batao aaj ka din kaisa gaya ? Theek hi tha .... bhut bacho vali feeling aa rhi thi haa same 8th wali feeling nahi aarahi thi ye batao Kal palki ka pair mud gya tha jab voh stairs se utar rhi thi arre! meri taraf se take care bol do, ab thik hai? Jab yeh baat ishaan ko pata chali toh voh usse daatne laga sahi to hai😘 Phir palki gussa gyi bolne lagi ab tum mujhe datoge Phir ishaan ne keh diya ki ab meri bestie itni bevakouf h toh kya kar sakta hu😂😂 🫠🙂😂 Yarr kya maza aayi thi Itne cute lag rhe the dono ladte hue 🙂 Yarr sarcastic smile kyun de rhe ho?? pata nahi Mai gadhi lag rhi tum tumhe?? Haa matt bolna pls nahi Byeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Yarr kuch din kya hue tum toh bilkul anjaan hi ban gye Bye GN hey! nahi pata nahi Kya nhi pata?? ki mai aisa behave kyu kar raha hu idk what is happenning to me aaj tum bhut down thi, after the lunch break? kyu? Neend aa rhi thi achha matlab kuch as such to nahi tha na? aur batao Nahi ohk Kuch nhi Tum batao kuch bhi, topic dhundh raha tha baat karne ke liye u sent any message? delete kar diya kya? Nhi toh jhuth 😂🙂 Nhi sach me ... koi message nhi bheja Kab vaise?? kuch sense hua tha pata nahi kyu Sense hua tha matlab .... koi tracker laga rakha h kya mujh par idk shayad Matlab??? Kaha?? kuch nahi Arre tumne bataya nahi ye kyu? Kya?? batao? Pic load ho rhi h load hua? Arre yarr matt jano Maaf kar diya ?? par maaf kyu karu? nahi batao plz kar diya ab batao Kar diya na bass kar to diya par kyu? ? chalo byeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 hey! Good Morning 😇 Good morning Btw mumma aa gyi thi kal isliye reply nhi kiya koi na, i know there would be some reason for your absence Hey What was your favourite TV show as a child???? Doremon Kyun?? Masha and the bear bhi acha lagta tha Ben 10 Best?? Just found a way to start a conversation 😅 Doremon Tumhe?? Tbh Chota Bheem 😂 Aur batao Voh mai tab dekhti thi jab kuch nhi aata tha aur batao?? Jaise??? kuch bhi yr For example??? nahi batana to mat batao Arre Kya kar rhe ho vaise?? kuch nahi tum?? sorry *aap?* Ab yeh kyun ??? Theek h "nahi batana to mat batao" arre ek podcast sun raha tha aur code kar raha tha bas pareshan karne me maza aati hai 😅😂 As usual palki ko samjha rhi thi kyaa?? Ki ishaan jatata nhi h but he cares for her haa sach hai ek second uska ka move on hogya tha na? Yeh baat tumhe pata h mujhe pata h ishaan ko pata h yaha tak ki mujhe toh lagta h ki puri duniya ko pata h lekin bas ek yehi ladki h jisse yeh baat samjh nhi aati MOVE ON !!! Ghanta 😂😂 Move on kya ghanta karegi yeh ladki raat raat bhar toh inki chatting chalti h wth 🫠 kuch progress hua? samjhane me? Yess abhi toh phir bhi thodi galimat h varna chuttiyo me 1 baje raat me message ki thi yeh ladki ki ishaan kitna acha h Thoda sa bhut thoda tumlogo ke mummy papa kuch nahi kehte kya? 😭😭 Pata chalega toh kahenge nahi matlab 1 baje tak? Meri mummy ko toh pata chal jata h pata nhi voh konsa jugad karti h Nhi raat me jagne ke liye kuch nhi kehte bas sath me phone nhi hona chahiye 🫠 lucky Tumhe janna allowed kyun nhi h?? I've got a younger brother 😭🫠 Toh?? usko dar lagta hai andhere se to mujhe bhi sona padta hai aur har din me 10 baar rota hai pure din game khelta hai aur phir bhi koi kuch nahi bolta zindagi kharab kar di hai 3 class me h na??? Kyun apne bhai ko gariya rhe ho ..... tumhara khud ka khoon h haa Itna chota bhi toh nhi h ki din bhar roye Mai toh 3 class me nhi roti thi Toh light jala kar sote ho??? ab 4th me aaya hai nahi mujhe as a stuffed animal use karta hai Heyy bhagwaan Toh ek stuffed animal hi dedo usse Bolta hai ki "stuffed animal to ladkiyo ke paas hote hai, aur tumse baat bhi karni Hoti hai" Gazab aadmi hai aur sab game bhi baat karni hoti hai Yeh kis kitab se sikha h usne kya pata Aisa karna kisi din jab parents so jaaye toh darvaza band karke so jana phir jab subha uthna toh bol dena ki Arre sone aa hi nhi rha tha game khel rha tha isliye mai khud hi sone chala gya pagal ho kya? we 3 share the same bed 3 who tumhara toh ek hi bhai h na??? mummy Ohhh Tab phir koi rasta nhi h Mujhe laga bas tum aur tumhara bhai h isne zindagi kharab kar di hai Aisa matt bolo bhai h tumhara .... at the end u love him pagal hai pata nahi kiske piche thats true but rota kyu hai? Aa jata hoga bechaare .... usse ek baar usse puch kar toh dekho Uska bhi reason same hai - sympathy ke liye Toh phir tum nhi Jeet sakte ... Until and unless ur mum believes u more than she believes ur brother Yr vo pure din game khelta hai koi kuch nahi kehta, Mai ek ghanta computer on kar leta hu to itne taane sunne padte hai Vo roj 5-6(max) or 2-3 hours(min) hours game khelta hai 😭😭😭😭 Kya kar sakte h Thikane laga do Chalo byeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Byeee Good night hey! Hii aur batao Meri tabiyat kharab ho gyi what? elaborate, kya hua? take care yr School me throat dard ho rha tha tha ..... ghar aa kar.... 🤒🤧 baarish ki vajah se hua hai shayad Ha ho sakta h .... vaise ek aur reason ho sakta h kyaa?? it's one of my top secret .... I eat 🧊 what u mean by eat 🧊? I mean I love eating 🧊 and I kinda eat it every single day even in winters wth I told u I m unique itna unique? 😂😂 Ab uniqueness ki koi limit toh hoti nhi h 🫠😂 Pighale kyun tumhe toh jamna chahiye thik hai, jam gaya 🥶 Lekin tum kyun Jame.... 🧊 toh maine khayi to phir se pighal jata hu 🫠 Kuch bheja tha na?? •●•typing haa bheja tha par kuch imp nahi me:- nahi to
inner me:- bhai jhuth kyu bol raha hai, usko pata hai vaise bhi tu jhuth nahi bol pata
me:- haa bheja tha par kuch imp nahi everytime, i try to speak lies Itna pata h toh yeh bhi pata hoga ki mai bina jaane manungi nhi toh phir bata bhi do pata hai i was waiting to hear this 🫠😂 i wrote😅 :- "tumhe to dekhte hi pighal jata hu" Ohhh tabhi delete kiya Hainn kyu ?? i knew tum ye bologi (overthink karne ka fayda - future prediction) Overthinking karne ka koi fayda nhi hota h hota hai future prediction tbh maine bhut kiya hai Hmm dekha maine aaj ka hi example lelo aaj jab akshita ne bottle dene ko bola tha tab i knew this was gonna happen 'cus i saw akshita taking karthike's bottle and also in her hand in her hand. meanwhile i was preparing what to say Dimag h tumme its surprising i needed to prove it still.. Leave nhi kiya?? Kyun?? Wait lemme guess "Yaade" kissi ne nahi leave kiya hai Pata tha tum yehi bologe kyuuU???? 😂😂😂 Koi ni Pata nhi bas pata chal gya Btw tum aaj hass kyun rhe the ..... tum ussi vajah se na jaane kitni baar point hue ho shiksha ma'am ki shakal pe hasi aarahi thi Shiksha Ma'am giving me death stare
Me following the same
Shiksha Ma'am :- isse battamisi kehte hai mera hak hai hasna, no one can take that "hak" shail ma'am ne phone kiya aaj aur mummy ne bola "to aap hi bataye pura din muh pe seal laga lega kya? baate aur badmashi agar bachhe nahi karenge to kon karega?" and ma'am was speechless proud of my own mother 🫡 Seriously!!!! Tumhari mumma ne aisa kaha???? Shiksha Ma'am scolding me for giggling
Me still giggling 
Shiksha Ma'am :- vo bevakuf abhi bhi has raha hai
meanwhile inner shiksha ma'am :- ego hurt kar diya haa ma'am was speechless Yarrr kitni cool h mummy ne kal bola tha "Ladki bazi karna chodd do beta, inn me kuch nahi rakha" and me still talking Meri mumma toh mujhe Marr dalti .... like seriously alage din tumhe mere funeral ka invitation aata unko mere baare me pata hai ki invitation aata? meri mummy Diya ko janti hai Mishika ko nahi Haa pata h .... sabke baare me pata h wth Aaj mummy ko mai ram ke baare me bata rhi thi mummy ne pucha ki ram ki seeta kon h arshi Aur mere muh se galti se nikal gya Aarshi sach to hai Mummy hasne lagi..... mujhe laga maarengi its normal chill mummy:- reading chats with Diya
mummy:- "Beta ye tumse pat nahi rahi to chodd do na, koi aur patao" Koi aur patao??? vahi to, had hogyi 😂🫡🫠 Yarrr kitni cool h nah shayad ha idk •●•typing mummy to chidhati bhi hai
clock strikes 9:00
mummy :- beta sone aao, jaldi
me :- aaraha
mummy :- good night, i love you bol rahe ho?
me :- nahi 😅
mummy :- ab jhuth na bolo
me :- shittttt 😂😂😂 ab kuch bol bhi nahi sakta, sach to badal nahi jayega aur batao kya chal raha hai? kal aa rahi ho? Kuch nhi kadha pi rhi hu Pata nhi Papa decide karenge mai nahi aaraha, man nahi hai Kal shruti ke paas baithna h isliye??😂😂 tbh yes Ek baar uske sath bhi baith kar dekh lo vaise according to some previous resources she is a nice one right? kyuuu???? Nice one???? i mean ladki aachi hai na? Achi h???? galat mat samjho Galat nhi samjh rhi mai toh bol rhi thi ki voh class ki toxic ladkiyon me se ek h hainn? aur kon hai toxic ladkiyo me? Aayushi aarna Ishita Hainnn maine bataya tha Yeh kab hua??? ek baar uske saath baitha tha usne bataya tha Mazak kar rhi hogi nah, literally Bhaaak Bhakk pagal Itna daring koi nhi hoga pata nahi konsi type ki prani hai aur koi? voh toh lesbian h na toh big vali baat kaha se aayi Sorry bro nhi likhna tha ....aadat h isliye likh diya Toy??? kuch nahi chodo U sure voh serious thi?? i am good at detecting lies, 74% sach serious thi vo Bhaakk pagal ..... kya pata Apne parents ke sath rehti h voh aisa kaise kar legi idk about that Confirm karke aana thik.. aur batao Kuch nhi me realizing maine promise tod diya Konsa promise??? kissi ko ye baate na batane ka with "ye" i mean aarna ke secrets how can she have so trust on someone like me who has ditched a lot of people? chalo byeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Byee Good night hey!! Hii aur batao all good? Nooooo Mai 3 ghante se soi hu gud Kya good pura din waste ho gye fever ke chakkar me to? health should be always the first priority, agar tabiyat thik hogi tab hi to kuch aur kar paogi am i wrong? Haa but still pehle tabiyat thik karne me dhyaan lagao chalo byeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Byee Good night hi Good Morning Good morning aur batao u gud? Nope Btw Pragya messaged me today Bhejo ss Kya boli??? Delete kar diya ......mummy thi Bata rhi thi ki mujhe kaise jaanti h Puch rhi thi ki mai usse kaise jaanti hu Compliment kar rhi thi Friendship hand offer kar rhi thi Kya bola? Tumne kya bola? Kusu ki vajah se aur kaise ?? Tumko kaisi lagi? I mean nature Theek thak thi abhi kuch khas baat nhi hui toh kuch keh nhi sakte A) Good
B) Better than Good
C) Can't be determined Hoping for your wellness Byeeeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Can't be determined Thanks.... sweet of u Byee Good night If u wonder why I'm still awake, I am just completing with the "school" things What school things??? Hw?? cover yr btw Good Evening and what the hell caused tears in your eyes? Those were angry tears Good evening par kyu?? Because of all that chaos while I was not even in the condition to walk i am sorry on behalf of every boy involved is the condition getting worse? No it's fine its not fine, it caused tears that is not fine Aaj stomach ache aur back ache bhi tha But the tears didn't come out tabbhi, leave it What movie or show do you keep rewatching? Harry potter and song?? Bhut saare the favourite one?? Fav nhi h mood par depend karta h Vaise currently 
Zara Zara A) Achha mood
B) Roone wala mood
C) Gusse wala mood
D) the mood when u r not feeling anything Acche mood me bhi kayi category hoti h hain? kon kon si? Polite achha
Beast accha
Savage achha
Matargasti accha 🫡 koi bhi batado Pal Pehela pyaar NO Mardani anthem Maaannnyyy more kuch bhi bolo, your music taste is sooo gud Ik😎 Konsa gana sun rhe ho??? tumko kaise pata? Bass pata h tum? sorry aap? Ek ladki ko dekha Yeh mera tarika h pareshan karne ka ye tarika itna achha hai ki aage generations me bhi follow hoga 🫡😂🫠 Ji par Iska aavishkaar maine kiya h aapne nhi kya farak padta hai, mujhpe hi to use kiya na Baat bhi sahi h aap par hi use kiya fir se "aap" 🙄 Ab aap ko aap hi toh bulangi thik hai abse aapko bhi aap hi bolunga Aacha ji ... ab "ji" kaha se aaya? Voh bhi issi bhasha me aata h achha ji Ji Yarr yeh thodi hota h yeh mera tarika h oh sorry ji 😑 Bhaak Nisha agar kaam mange toh bhejna matt ok par kyu? Badala lena h Bas matt bhejna thik ok Kya kar rhe ho??? kuch nahi edit aap? Aaram farma rhi hu gud gud Bore ho rhi hu mai to kuch karo, simple 🫡😂 😒 Tum isha ki tarah kabse baat karne lage shayad abhi se kuch hw bacha ho to kar lo Whatever 😅 Bye kyu? kaha? ??? achha ok byeeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Khana khane Bye🙄 GN😒 kya hua? arre? Tum bhi Arre Arre karne lage idk why "😒" Kyunki mera mood "😒" aisa h kyuuu??? Kyunki bas h gusse me kyu ho? chalo thik hai byeeeeee Take Care girl hoping for your speedy recovery Bye Bye achha bas itna bata do gusse me kyu ho? Pata nhi apne aap aa rha h ohk.. ye last byeeee Byee Good Morning Queen ❤️ Good morning Samajh nhi aaya 1/cos c = sec c I need to tell you something Wat?? Ohhhhhh Batao??? Suspense matt create karoo After going through all this stuff I have decided to take a break I would be absent this whole week Itni badi baat nahi hai What?? What stuff??? Yes that's true I don't think I need to tell you That one?? "Everything" Umm I thought u already coped out of it I did but idk what the hell is happening Umm u can share Idk what to share It's just "bhut Khali Khali lag Raha hai" Honestly voh mujhe bhi lag rha h Ab kare to kare kya? Try enjoying each and every moment Instead of pointing at the negative side look for the positive side Sadness permanent hoti h ..... at the end yeh hamari choice hoti h ki hame khush rehna h ya dukhi Khush rehne ki koshish Karu to past yaad aajata hai, parents ki daat yaad aajati hai Yaad aati h kyunki jab tum koshish karte ho toh completely uss thought ko apne brain se nhi hatate ho..... side by side uske baare me kuch na kuch sochte rehte ho For a moment just try seeing the good and express gratitude .... trust me it helps alot And instead of thinking that u r alone just think about the person who'll always have ur back no matter wat How do you know all this? Idk Not only Think I look at that person when I feel like this and it leaves a big smile on my face, that's you ❤️ Aur mana past ke khayal aate h but at the end it's just the past .... it's all gone and u can't let that past become ur future ...... it's all the game of mindset That's so true Thanks But I'm still going anyway Fatehpur Sikri, Agra, Vrindavan, Mathura Ghumne ja rhe ho??? Haa Not exactly ghoomne, break lene Yarrr mujhe bhiiii Aisa break mujhe bhi lena h Ghar se utha loge kya .... mummy jaane toh degi nhi Ye bhi kar lenge Arre Yarr yeh galat baat h Mujhe bhi jana h Chalo na phir Parents ke sath ja rhe ho na?? To kya akele jaunga? Nhi siblings ke sath bhi jaate h log I'm the oldest sibling bruh💀 Ohh Sahi h hukum chalate hoge Kaash 🤞😭 Bhai Ko kuch bhi bolo roo deta hai, phir end me Mera hi kaam hai Btw thanks for changing your profile image Y thanks?? Tum bhi rone laga karo.... meri didi bhi yehi karti h Bina kissi baat ke Rona nahi aata Cus I'm gonna miss you and atleast your pic is there with me ❤️😭 Yeh toh maine socha hi nhi Yarrr kya kar rhe ho??? Aap? Ladki kya khoi hui h baato me Activity bana rhi hu Kitni cute ag rhi h voh ladki Maine ladki ki baat ki yarr Kk Kya jaadu karta h tumhara bhai?? Kya pata 😭😭 Konsi Activity? 😳 Arre matter vali Oh vo to done hai Meri nhi h Jab tum record kar rhe the toh renu ma'am dekh rhi thi Soch rhi hongi ab 7k ... 8k me transform ho gya Wth?😳 Haa Iska kya matlab hai? Push likhna tha jaldi jaldi me pull likh diya tha "Push Yourself because no one else we do it for you"? * will Kya gadhi hu mai .... kya likha h Actual me 
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it fo you ? ? ? ?? ?? ??? ??? ???? ???? ????? ????? ?????? ?????? ??????? ??????? ???????? ???????? ????????? ????????? ?????????? ?????????? ??????????? ??????????? ???????????? ???????????? nah bolke continue kar rahi ho? 😂 Theek h toh nhi karungi Btw Yes? Did I tell u that I m going to get my hair cut really really short??? Ab pata chal gaya Katva liye??? Nah byeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Bye Good night Heyyyy Hi Aur batao? I'm in Mathura right now Nice ... enjoy Thanks I'm missing you Hey I'm back I'm getting a small gift for everyone who impacted my life Anything special you want from here??? Nah .... I have u and that's enough Nahi like kuch bhi? Nope Keychain? Chalo byeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Kuch nhi Bye
Good night Hi I know you are at school right now but I'm just leaving a message here Ma'am mere baare me kuch keh Rahi thi kya?? Nhi Aaj bhut bhayanak accident hua Kya? Kya hua? ?????? Ki ladki thi voh teen shade ke niche vali stairs par chadi thi aur fan kal blade uske sar pat lag gya ..... skull fracture ho gya, brain shayad damage ho gya aur brain me dust particles chale gye Aur pura teen shade khoon se ranga hua tha Agar voh dekhte jo hamne dekha toh samajh aata ki life kitni precious h Ye sach hai? News me aayega Zinda hai vo? Kis class ki thi? I think seniors ki hogi Aur kissi Ko to kuch nahi hua na? Nhi 8th ki hi thi Wth Leave that, ab to hasne ka bhi man nahi kar raha Yahi hai CMS, Bolte hai "Full Child Protection" aur phir ye hojata hai Itna budget to hai nahi ki fans thik karvale Ab dekhna CMS ki reputation kharab hojayegi aur students bhi Kam hojayenge Ye dekho Kaisa lag Raha hu? 💀 Vaise sab bol rhe the ki voh ladki intentionally kudi thi Gooood 45 MP ka camera Itna khoon dekhne ke baad mai itna mentally disturb ho gyi thi ki bas rone hi lagi Mera khud dimag hil gaya Akshita ka birthday aaraha hai ek keychain li hai Ring bhi lelu kya? Le sakte ho ... Mathura?? Yea Acha suno Haa Sorry phone nahi tha Bhul gyi Ye bhi thik hai 😂 Tum annwita se baat nhi kar rhe ho kya??? Idk school to aane do pehle Nhi vaise chats par?? Nahi Laptop nahi hai to Discord nahi hai Jaane se Pehele?? Nahi baat to kar Raha tha par u know dimag kharab tha Haa I do Like aaj voh bhut ro rhi thi Toh maine socha puch kar dekhte h To kya bola? Kyuu?? ? Bol rhi thi ki jaise voh discord par online aati h vaise hi tum offline chale jaate ho 🤷‍♂ Pata nahi, Mai jaldi soo Jata hu shayad isliye Aur bol rhi thi ki hamesha jab voh message karti h tabbhi baat karta h varna kabhi approach nhi karta Thats true Kyun?? Idk Ydk?? Idk yr, literally idk Meri story dekho Hey Wat u doing? Ntg Missing you yr ❤️ Ghumne gye ho yrr enjoy karo Vo to kar Raha hu par yr kya Karu bhut yaad aarahi hai I spend nearly 1 hour of my day just staring at your pic Chalo byeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Good Morning ❤️ Got this for yuh!! 😁 Good morning Nicee Did you like it? Yeah it's noicee Hey Story dekho Phone mummy ke paas h Ruko photos bhejta hu Arre yarrr yeh cheating h mujhe bhi jana tha Isme Mai kya kar Sakta hu? 💀 Aur batao Arrreeeeee tumhe pata h Kya? Ye dekho 😂😂 Kya haal kar gya h Pure India ke love story likhi hai yaha par 😂 Kya kar sakte h Btw u wear anklets right? Kya?? 😂 Tumhe kaise pata ??? Not exactly anklets So what? Puch Raha tha, ive got 5 pairs *I've It's like an braided black thread with ghungarus on it Tumhe pata kaise chala?? Random Choices 💀 Pata kaise chala yeh batao Aise hi bahar Gaya tha dikh Gaya to le liya Akshita pehanti hai kya?? Pata nhi Nhi mai peheti hu yeh kaise pata chala??? Random Guess, literally 💀 Joothe Sahi batao Sahi me yr Mai maan hi nhi sakti Random Guess tha Acha thik hai sach batata hu Mummy ne bola agar kissi ladki ke liye chahiye to ye le lo 😂😂😂 Kitni cool h yarrr tumhari mummy Sach bolu to Mummy ne bola tha "Apni Girlfriend ke kiye chahiye to le lo" I said "nahi hai yr bataya to" She said "to aise text kyu karte ho, ab Hume pata hai ki tumhari hai" 😂😂😂 Heyy bhagwaan Ab mauka Mila to sabke liye le liya Ek baat batata hu Mai Krishna Janmbhumi Gaya tha Vaha pe ek group tha ladkiyo ka Ek ladki ne bola "Mai to 5:30 pe hi taiyar thi" Phir dusri boli " Tu single hai na, isliye" Phir Teesri boli "Mera boyfriend to Mera saath hi chodta hai, Abhi aaraha hai car park karke" This was literally funny 😂 😂😂😂 Bechari ka emotional damage ho gya hoga 😂😂😂 Aur Vrindavan me Bandar to sabki chize chori kar rahe the 😂 Vahi hota h vaha par Aur jab unko frooti dedete to vo saman vapas kar dete the Haiinnn Bade intelligent bandar the Vahi to Aur batao, kya chal Raha hai Kuch nhi Kuch to batao yr 3 dino se meri aur plaksha ki ladai chal rhi h Mai 3 dino se lagatar ro rhi hu Aur finally aaj jakar ladai solve hui Arre bataya kyu nahi Kya hogya?? Arre why? Kyu? Tumne bataya kyu nahi? Wth, kyu? Mai jaise hi Gaya vaise hi ladai hogyi? Batao yr kyuu?? Arreee Rohini vapis aa gyi Aur plaksha uske sath hi ghum rhi thi mujhe bhulkar aur mujhe bol rhi thi atulya meri best friend ban gyi h Arree mood spoil nhi karna tha yarrr tum ghumne gye ho Ab Iska kya matlab tha?? Gazab Insaan ho yr tum log 💀🗿 😅 Chalo byeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Tum der tak jag rhe ho Səni sevirəm <3 Kya baat h?? Idk aaj kal Mummy allow kar de Rahi hai Sahi h Btw jo profile pic lagi h voh rone ki just baad ki pic h 💀 Tum mujhe katna chahte ho ya khana chahte ho??? Kuch ni ab kal baat karenge Byeeeeeeeee Byee Good night Hey Agra se kaha Jaa rhe ho?? Lucknow Ghar Hi Aur batao Wat u doing? Ntg Isn't it soo beautiful? 😍 Par aapke saamne to ye bhi Sharma jayega It is Nhi yarr sach me kitna sundar lag rha h True Reached Home 😁 Coming on Monday with a few small gifts for you ❤️ Good Freshen up ho jaao phir baat karenge Done Light Blue, Black or Mix? Color for anklet I've got 3 so 1 extra hai - Plaksha Ko dedu kya? Ofc ..... usse nhi doge kya Usne bhi toh tumhari life me changes laaye h Picture bhejo Bhej raha Wait.. Plus kitni help ki hai Samajh nahi aaraha kisko kya du Ek fun fact batau?? Haa bataye Aisi Payal ya toh chote bacho ko pehenai jaati h ya married women ko Tum choti nahi ho kya? 😂 Chote matlab new born Achha nahi hai kya? Acha h but yeh culture sort of keh sakte ho Rating karo from 1-10 leaving 7 Y leaving 7?? Most common used number to rate, also known as Neutral Number I asked the shopkeeper he said any aged girl can wear it and also mum said 8 Rather 9 So it's nice right? I've been overthinking since 16 mins about this Bas itna Bata do Akshita aur Plaksha Ko pasand aayega ya nahi Chalo byeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Aayega ofc aayega Byee Good night Good Morning ❤️ Pakka? Dar lag Raha hai Kiss chiz ka darr?? Kya pakka?? Agar pasand na aaye to? Aa jaayega Aur agar nhi bhi aayega toh koi muh par nhi bolta 😝 Hasne wali baat nahi hai, agar pasand nahi aaya to? Aa jaayega Kyun itni tension le rhe ho Pata nahi Iske Baad se bhejo Bhej do yr Plz Haa bhej rhi hu ek min ladai solve kar rhi hu Kiski? Yeh kon h?? Arre galti se chala Gaya, autocorrect Aap kaam bhejiye Kiski??? Arre baap re 💀 kiski aur kisse ladai thi? all good? Meri plaksha se ladai ladai khatam hui? Nahi ab voh gussa gyi Pehele mai gussa thi Vaish aur ummay ki bhi ladai ho gyi Ananya aur atulya ki bhi ladai ho gyi Pata nhi kya chal rha h Ananya kon hai? Kis duniya me ho tum mai to Musonda ko janta hu 😂👍 🤦‍♀🤦‍♀ Kya hoga tumhara yahi same chiz mummy ne bhi aaj puchi thi maine bola "Jo hoga dekha jayega" Heyy bhagwaan Kuch nhi ho sakta tumhara ohh i didn't knew about this dekha jayega Arrree yarr plaksha singh ko samjhao baat baat par emotional blackmail karne lagti h aaj litrally aankho me aansu aagaye, sabke paragraph padh ke 🥹 kya samjhana hai? Arre mai rude ho gyi hu jo ki sach h aur maine uski advice mani bhi tabbhi bol rhi h ki "tumhe meri zarurat nhi" kya kahu mai, puri world war 5 tumlogo ki vajah se hui hai class me shubhra ma'am padha paa rahi hai? Padhati bhi h voh??? I am doubting the same Itna kaam kaise hogya kal school hai? Ofc h ohk thanks aisa hai kya? aur kissi me kaam hua hai? Haa Haa Geo uski copy hi nahi hai aur kuch? Hindi language bhejo Uski copy mere paas nhi h aur kisi me? eng lang?" Jitna uss baar hua tha utna hi hua h ohk aur kissi me? Pata nhi Nice song Tum kya kar rhe ho?? Kuch ni, studing *studying Studying??? Yes Dikh rha h 😆😆 Me caught in 4K Ofc Sorry 8K 😂 😂😂 Har baar jhuth boli to pakda jaata hu 😭 Kya kar sakte h ab tum jhooth bol hi nhi paate ho "Ab" Pehele bhi nhi bol paate the Pehle bol pata tha - in example I hid the fact that I loved you for 1.2 years What???? 1.2 years????? Yes 14.4 months (I suppose) Plus itne achhe se chupaya tha ki kissi Ko Shak bhi nahi hua Except Plaksha - she knew from the first day but never told Vaise I wasn't lying I was literally studying and texting at the same time Meri best friend ne mujhe dhoka diya Vo confirm nahi thi Yeh toh maine bhi notice kiya tha Lekin mujhe laga tum aise hi hoge What! 💀 Is photo me hi dekh lo kitna realistic jhuth bola hai Iss vale me mujhe pata chal gya tha But I ignored it Wth, literally? Ofc I still feel sorry for this The fact is that u can’t lie to me 😂😂 Maza aayi thi uss din Hasne ki kya baat hai? Your best friend cried that day I am still not able to figure out what that meant Baad me bol rhi thi yaarr faltu me itna roya ..... isse handle karna toh bhut aasan tha I don't think u will ever be able to figure Math Teacher be like :- Prove it! 👋 Byee??? I'm back Plaksha reply kyu nahi kar rahi Haa Haa plaksha se hu baat kar lo Arre maaf karne ke liye Gussa hogyi kya? Maafi mangni thi yr Maafi?? Does nisha likes me or what?? Why Chalo byeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Kal bataungi Byee Good night batao btw Good Evening! Sunoooooo Gadbad ho gyiiiiiii Ishaan ko samjhao Sunn rhe hoooooo Kaha chale gye *rhe ishaan ko kya samjhau? 🤦‍♀ yahi samjhana hai na ki thoda tameez me baat kare? Dosti bachani aati h?? i think yes but no 🤦‍♀ Yaarrr tum bhi naa batao to karna kya hai? explain bolo Yeh dikkat kyun create hui??? Rudeness kyun aayi Aur plaksha ki problem uske samne present karo But usme plaksha abhla nhi lagti chahiye kyuki ishaan is more interested in divya then her, right? 😑 idk mujhe nahi pata R being for real right now??? yes literally mazak nahi kar raha Suppose Mai tumse baat karna chod du aur Jaa kar vibhor se baat karu vo to abhi bhi hai 😭 Toh tum plaksha se kya expect karoge ??? Ki voh mujhe kya samjhaye Tumse baat karna choda kaha h??? ki vo tumko samjhaye ki "Mujhe Attention do" Agar aisa bologe toh usse lagega ki plaksha attention seeker h at the end of the day that is the point to kya bolu? Matlab???? Ki plaksha attention seeker h??? idk seedhe seedhe batao kya samjhana hai What r u trying to say?? Matt samjhao rehne do maine ye nahi bola mujhe bas ye matter nahi samajh aaya online aane do pehle geography ka kaam bhej do from start thanks btw vo abhi bhi offline hai double thanks hi done the task im sorry from his side for how he behaved today and also the rude tone with plaksha Kya hua h??? i know very well that u know about that About what?? u know today ishaan one Seedhe Seedhe batao yaar aise hi dimag hi dahi ho rakhi h Arre vahi battamizi wala attitude aur tumhari copy fekna Arrre nhi voh toh pata h usse kya hua h?? Nahi Bata raha I'll see to that btw leave this, did you like that? Ofc I did ..... y will I not chalo byeeeee Good Night 🌃 Bye Good night Səni sevirəm <3 gussa to nahi ho na ab? Nhi sorry yr i am also a little tensed these days - mummy ki tabiyat kharab hai Heyy bhagwaan aur yeh kon batayega time hi nahi mila, sorry yr this last byeee Aunty se bol dena take care Bye thanks 😊 from her side (ofc) Hmm Good Evening! Good evening So r u learning to talk to senior people?? was I talking in a bad way? No but in a savage way i am sure she would be shocked when I sent "tbh I am a 13 yo" Ho bhi sakta h aur nhi bhi history ka kaam bhej do ye batao ki hindi lang me apthit gadyansh kaha se liya gaya hai? Last to last year's question paper Yaa phir usse bhi purana ho sakta h 🫡 was i literally rude in that chat? Nah Ishaan se baat mat karna vo bol raha hai, ok? Ok iska answer kaise likhna hai? Chaar column banao sabme saare answers solve karo ohk thnx You're welcome byeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Bye Good night Hii Hi finally Y finally?? tbh i decided not to text you today and see when the message will come from your side Btw I just woke ik you passed you have been offline for 3 hours I knew there would be some reason Hainnn mujhe pata hi nhi chala ohk aur batao btw see this Ohhh nice Yaade vo bhi kya din the! Sahi baat h un dino bhooto se dar lagta tha, attachment se nahi (my inner mind: kya dialogue bola hai wah!) Wah kya dialogue h vaise sahi bhi hai aur batao, hows everything going? all good? Ghanta good kyu kya hua? aaj suresh sir ne daat diya? Aur nhi toh kya Ek toh Shail ma'am ki ankhe nhi laser h totally true arre dil pe lo, sometimes daat bhi kha leni chahiye Ek toh Suresh sir ka aur h ..... mai aarush ko bata rhi thi ki plaksha ka naam matt likhna usne seat change ki h Gussa lagti h yarrr koi na, ab normal hojayega aaj suresh sir ka mood off tha isliye Toh usme meri kya galti thi jo mera mood bhi off kar diya koi baat nahi yr, dil pe mat lo chill yr, abhi to aur daat khani hai zindagi me - prepare hojao Dil pe matt lo kya ..... upar se diary redo kon karata h???? ye sunke mujhe bhi ajeeb laga tha its okay girl No it's not😭😭 don't be so emotional girl you have spent your hardest nights not even telling your parents, you are strong enough I m an emotional girl we both are and we both know it lets just talk out things, theres nothing to be so emotional on this small thing Aaj kal roz toh ghar aakar roti hu wth why u didn't tell me? jitna khush school me rehti ho uska ulta ghar pe? whyyyyy? i am so sorry, i didn't notice lets talk about it first ? Sach is sach but why? whats the reason behind this? what led to this ? No reason it has been happening from how long? more than 2 weeks? 2 weeks if it happens for long than i am pretty sure why only u r able to understand me, cause you are the same (if it happens for more than 2 weeks then its termed as depression [the fight in the mind]) i know you know this please try to get out of this try everything, i can't see you like this *or rather "teen depression" Bhagwaan bharose chal rha h sab bas please! its even more worse than it seems Aaj kal bhut gussa bhi aa rha h i know anger issues hote hai aur muh se kuch bhi nikal jata hai Mai bus me 3rd class ke bache se lad li wth kis baat pe? Voh mujhe ek choti si bachi thi uski position ke piche pad gya tha Bol rha tha tum toh fail ho gyi hogi na to tumne kya bola? Maine bol diya
Tumhe first aakar kya ukhad liye jab manners kar aachar dal rakha h bhut achha kiya akal to aayi hogi kam se kam Nhi phir mujhe bol rha tha ki mai bhut show off karti hu isme show off kya kar diya? aapne kya bola? Maine bol diya thnx for the compliment Phir usne bola welcm Maine bol diya bhai kya ab tumhe bezatti bhi nhi samjh aati 😂😂🫡🫡🫠🫠 bhut sahi 🫡 chalo ab kal baat karunga byeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Byee Good night Good Evening! Good evening aur batao i hope everything is good? Idk Maybe whats bad? Idk But everything is not good what is not good? I wish I would know i mean u okay right? anything bad that has happened to you? Bura toh ho hi rha h Idk kya hua vahi to puch raha hu Vahi toh nhi pata aaj bhut down down kag rha h but kyun yeh nhi pata Btw how's ur mumma now??? tbh it doesn't seem from your smile all day thanks for your prayers, she's good It nvr seems Nice am i getting boring? Kisne bola??? it seems, nobody likes to talk to me now *offline *online me bhi bas 3 log hai You, Plaksha, Ishaan Tbh you've become way too serious and quiet i have my exam on 15th im tensed PW SAT (physics wallah - scholarship admission test) 8th ka pura syllabus aayega i have not even completed 1/2 of the syllabus I m aware of that but not others wait did i tell you about this? Well I guess baat karne se toh stress kam hota h na?? Nhi bhi batate toh bhi mujhe pata chal hi jata Neither have i tbh i am loving and hating my life at this moment (loving cus no one is there to talk to me and hating cusno one is there to talk to me) idk pata nahi kuch bhi thoughts aarahe hai dimag me nightmares aarahe hai Jaise?? i was just sitting at my seat and then dekhte hi dekhte the world starts to fall and break into pieces but only I am falling from the clouds, everybody else is just at there position laughing, giggling I don't think ur mental health is ok and also i also break into pieces and I realise I'm gonna die and then I wake ip *up your too, but u r not gonna tell it 🥲 I'll be just fine thats the worst lie you will say to yourself Idk what else to say i know it happens, don't worry i think someone is your friend who has already experienced it before and is requesting you to not get into this What do u think I m not trying to stay happy ..... idk how but some how my optimistic side has died aur upar se choti choti baaton par gussa aa jata h calm down calm down, yes i know anger issues bhi hote hai you just have to find out a way which will help you getting out of this That is what the mystery is i don't think you will struggle in finding a way 'cus you got soo many and soo good friends chalo byeeeee kal baat karenge Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Jisme se plaksha Pehele se ishaan ki ho gyi h .... I mean I m not her priority anymore.... I just feel that Bye Good night u r, you just don't understand Plaksha ab Pehele jaisi nhi h Voh har vakt ishaan ishaan karti rehti h aur jab mai atulya ke sath ghumne lagti hu toh mujhse gussa ho jaati h ki maine usse chod diya Good Morning! uska abhi tak move on nahii hua? wth Boy best toh hai hi voh uska trueee Issi baat par ham logo ki ladai hui thi kis baat pe?? Aur usse lagta h ki ab mujhe aisa nhi lagta lekin mujhe abhi bhi lagta h taaki baat na bade isliye maine kuch nhi kaha Atulya Aur ishaan got it sahi kiya, not everything is meant to be shown aur batao Itna kuch toh bata diya aur kya batau leave it Leave what?? kuch ni If it's true then does that mean that I m able to understand u just cus I have already experienced what u r experiencing now??? true all good? I guess ..... so far hey see this itni khushi!!!! im in TOP 6% students 🥶 Ohhhh niceee Gooddd tbh ek baat batani thi today i got a nightmare that someone is constantly hitting punches at me and then my eyes blured then i got a feeling that i died then i woke up and got to the bathroom and there was actual blood in my nose and my arms were hurting too much was someone actually hitting me or it was just a nightmare? then khoon kaise aaya? ill talk tomorrow Byeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Pagal vagal ho kya tum Y don't u take care of urself Dimag kharab ho gya h kya tumhara It's not a good sign Ur stressing urself too much Which arm was hurting??? Yarrr u don't take care of urself tum pagal ho tum kyun karte ho aisa mann toh kar rha h tumhe khub gussau ...... y don't u just listen to me ..... wth is wrong with u or do u find my advice wrong???? Yarr tum bhut careless ho Dimag kya ghas charne gya h tumhara gadhe kahike Pagal bevakouf Kya hoga tumhara Yarrrr thoda..... thoda sa hi sahi dimag ka use kar liya karo Bye pagal kahike Gn Thanks, from now i will, and i don't find your advice wrong but the thing is that I can't figure out  how to follow it Good Evening kitne dino ke baad aapse daat aur gaaliya sunne ko mili, maza aaya Dimag ka wire hil vil gya h kya Gadhe literally, achha lag raha hai Tum mil na jana mujhe varna kya pata tumhe thaile me ghar jana pade and these were the things, I can't disclose in public, you are the first to know about these wait, r u serious? literally mad at me? btw aaj dil ko bhut sukh mila Kyun ?? I m goddamn serious Tum seriously bhut bade vale pagal ho Mujhe bhut tez gussa lag rhi h tum par maine kya kiya? home alone tha pure din and also helping a delivery man by providing him with water, sitting chair and also complimenting his work btw how was the trip????????? Mast thi Maza aa gyi Good kaha gaye the vaise? ? i would be offline for an hour cus I'm gonna give the "exam" Hi Hii mausi aayi h isliye ghar par nhi thi Aur phone ghar par tha Kal Mummy ne phone le Liya tha isliye message nahi kar paya, srry Btw Good Morning No prob All good right? Haa Arrreeeee pata h Meri jo cousin h voh itniiiiiio cooooollllll h Peheli baarrrrr mujhe ghar me koi aisa mila h jiske sath mai sab kuch share kar sakti hu Voh aur mai bilkul ek jaise haiiiiii Tum bas plaksha se hi baat kiya karo mai toh Marr gyi hu Kis sense me? Luckyyy Maine ye kab bola? Bhut Kam aaye hai yr 😭😭😭 85% Marks
20% Scholarship Har ek sense me Like? Good Night 🌃 Byeeeeeeeee Səni sevirəm <3 Kuch bhi Like bas mast h yarrrr ...... repro ki baatein kar rhi thi mere sath Byee Good night Koi ni Sahi toh aaye h pagle hey you alright? take care Tumhe mere baare me kaise pata chala?? Annwita ko samjha do plaksha ke piche na pada rha kare Varna kisi din mai kuch kar var dungi toh arthi uth jaayegi iski kyu kya hua? Jab dekho tab plaksha ke piche padi rehti h ..... akshara hai na best friend uski toh uske samne jakar royal kare true Kya true Samjha do apni dost ko varna maarr varr jaayegi mere hatho kk Sunoo ss lekar matt bhej dena usse Yaa aisa matt bol dena ki mishika aisa bol rhi thi Pyaar se bolna kya bolna hai bata do Abey pagal ho kya Delete Karo usse Gadhe deleted ab kya bolna hai? Usne dekha th??? nah usse pehle hi delete kar diya tha kya likhna hai batao? Kuch nhi kk chalo byeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Bye Good night Good Evening! you alright? Good evening Yea kinda How bout u?? physically? Both 50/50 Kyun??? physically to bimar hu isliye aur mentally to band baji hui hai Kyun mentally aisa kya ho gya??? u know, digest nahi ho rahi bhut sari baate Byeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Abhi tak?? pata nahi, kya ho raha hai Chalo TC Bye Good night finnalyy someone said take care to me Kyun?? Aisa kya ho gya kuch ni bhut mahino ke baad sunne ko mila isliye byeeeee take care Bye Good Evening! Good evening you alright? Yup ...ig truee why ig? Idk yr sach batao, you good right? Yes ig why ig? Because I m not sure if I m Ok Cus stress toh har vakt hota rehta h same, take care Same reason?? whats the reason Puch rhi hu me too whats the reason for you thats what i fell for EVERYTHING ...... ig yea, same reason EVERYTHING ig 🫠 Kaisa lag rha h??? I mean thoda explain karo kaisa stress ho rha h kissi dost se bhi baat karo to heart beat tez ho jati hai, agar baat nahi karto to "humare liye time nahi hai", baat karo to "bhut bolte ho" upar se kal assembly hai Kon bolta h?? arre almost sab ab kare to kare kya Kuch matt karo matlab baat bhi nahi karu? Bol do mera muh mera mann mera jisse baat karne ka mann hoga jab baat karne ka mann hoga jitna baat karne ka mann hoga maine utna karunga Khatam thats cold 🥶 vaise aaj ek gadbad hogyi toh khud hi bol lo ..... ek toh bata bhi rhi hu upar se drama bhi kar rhe ho😤 Kya?? arre i didn;t mean that bus me chill kar raha tha aur soch raha tha ghar me konsi personality rakhni hai phir
_noise_
Me: _hears a hello bro, can't believe its true_
He: bhaiya konsi class me?
Me: shows up middle finger
He2: arre bhaiya ka savage reply
Me: savage gaya bhad me, muh sambhal ke baat kiya karo
He: maine kuch kaha hi nahi abhi to?
_ a girl shows up _
He2: bhaiya ye puch rahi hai "mere saath sex karoge"
Me: fuck off bitch
She: mazak tha yr, serious mat lena
Me: but mai serious tha samjhi? bhak.. idk ye maine kaise bol diya Kiss class ka baccha tha??? idk Ek baar politely baat karke dekho Kabhi kabhi chote bacho se dosti karke bhi acha lagta h mujhe aur dost nahi banane Arreee vaise dost nhi Temporary vale maine gadbad kar di "how to win friends and influence people" padh ke Kyun??? abhi tak yaad hai is book ki vajah se dost banane ka motivation aaya tha 6th me vo chota nahi lag raha tha Toh?? shayad bada tha, vo mujhe senior samajh ke "bhaiya" bol raha tha 😂 baato se to vo 8th ka hi lag raha tha Pucha hot kiss class me h ..... kyunki agar bada hota toh ladki bhi badi hoti aur id think koi 8th ki ladki aisi baat bolegi idk i am now feeling sorry for them thoda achhe se baat kar leni chahiye thi I agree Try to respond to things not react lagta hai galati se personality choose karne me - gusse wali choose kar li Yup Btw annwita meri burai kar rhi thi na tumse?? nahi to kyu ? Maine gussa kar diya tha uss par Ek toh ek no. ki chudail h Battamizi ki saari hade Paar kar di h iss ladki ne tbh i agree but bol nahi sakta Kisi agar gussa Chad gyi mujhe toh bata rhi hu iski arthi utha dungi itna kya kar diya? itna gussa kaise? Jab dekho tab muh utha kar chali aati h bolne ke liye ki utho mai baithungi ishaan ke piche as if seat khrid kar rakhi h Yarrr theek h samajh aa rha h ki tum akela feel karti ho toh kya usme se cpe up nhi karogi Dusro me aag laga kar kya mil jaayega *cope same i was thinking Plaksha ko bhi yehi bhadkati h kya bhadka diya? Na jaane akshara ko kahe ka best friend bana kar rakhi h jab rona mere samne hi hota h Haa usse pata nhi konsi Patti padha ti rehti h Bolti toh aise h jaise maine hi tumhare upar kaha jaadu karke tumhe vash me kar liya h actually jaadu hi hai Arrre yarrr meri kya galti h ...... aur taane toh aise Marti h jaise naukar hu mai iski arrre arre bas control controllll Kisi din Marr vara jayegi toh na reason puche ki zarurat padegi kisiko na murderer ka naam puchne ki Yarrrr yeh toh school chodkar Jaa rhi thi na Kis kambakht ne roka h isse arre ha, lekin phir ruk gayi idk why Chali jaaye na ..... vaise bhi rehti h toh grahan hi lagati h meri zindagi me control control, at the end of the day tumhari hi dost hai classmate hai Bolna nhi chahiye but ek no. ki chu*iya h Dost ?? Galti kar di dost bana kar Bhut badi galti Ab samjh nhi aa rha kaise sudharu tbh its good to see this one 😳 सुधार कार्य Tameez me rhe toh koi dikkat nhi h mujhe bhi koi shuak nhi h dushman palne ka lekin yarrr kuch bhi.... matlab kuch bhiiiii tbh i get the same thoughts par kuch bolta nahi uss din ke baad to isse baat karne ka man nahi karta par kya kare Kisi din zyada sar par chadi na yeh ladki toh uske muh par yeh sab bolkar aaungi sahi bol rahi ho, but yr thoda uske baare me bhi socho Vahi toh karti hu ..... mai toh khud chahti hu sabke sath peace banakar rakhi but shayad vahi nhi chahti h ho sakta hai tbh it feels so good we are having a long conversation after soo long tbh ye jaadu hi tha chalo byeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Yeah that's true Ho sakta h Byee Good night Good Evening! mood kharab hai na? Haa take care, aur kya hi keh sakta hu Kisi chiz ki surity ho na ho bur ek chiz ki zarur h ki annwita aur uske so called best friends mere hatho marne vale h u having death note? Death note?? this one Maybe Tum bhi anime dekhte ho??? nope please mera naam bhi likh do died after drinking poison Ab kya tum bhi pagla vagla gye ho kya shayad ha Kyun? pata nahi yr tum batao you good? sorry aap chalo byeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Nhi yarrrrrr ab toh literally marne ka mann kar rha h koi samjhta hi nhi h meri feelings 😭😭😭 Bye Good night hey Good Morning Kaha Marr gye the?? wanted some peace🙂 Peace from??? from the virtual world btw you good? Yep aur batao Kuch nhi plaksha ko councel kar rhi about what? you know what happened exactly last month? ik you know, you just don't remember the date Nose bleeding?? this happened in april only lemme give you hint tragic during dance practice Thappad?? got it Is there smtg u want to tell me related to dat?? no nothing 🤥 no literally Then y did u remind me bout this?? idk bas dimag me aagaya Kitna jhooth bologe literally Although I know u r hiding smtg but .... OK if u say so im not hiding anything Ur tone is tell the truth tbh i was writing about this, but I didn't remember why this happened, i was gonna ask but now I do, nothing else, i will never try to hide anything from you Now that was everything about what? Vahi saare ishaan ke nakhre Aur annwita akshara ke karname hey! Hii wat u doing? Ntg Tum batao? nothing just completing a lecture Ohhkk ...... continue nahi yr bore hogya Ab?? kuch nahi, taking break Noice byeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Bye GN Hey! Good Morning! Yarrrrr yea? kya hua? Mere baaalll you got it cut short? Yep whats the problem? The length to hua kya? Arree yarr tum nhi samjhoge you still look beautiful, whats the matter? U don't know it yet ..... u haven't seen me i can guarantee this Maybe or maybe not maybe kya hota hai? i can guaranteee tomorrow is school right? Yes sup? byeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Good night Bye hey! Good Evening sup? so my point was right Ntg just writing the essay Which point?? How bout u?? Btw is annwita on telegram??? yes gud, matrabhoomi padh raha tha ye wala point Sahi h .... Phy ka kaam ho gya??? No it wasn't nah yes, it is right see this Yeh tum iss 10th ki copy ke sath kya kr rhe ho *11 fayda Ohhh Sahi h aur batao Kuch nhi annwita akshara se danga ho gya ye to hona hi tha btw kya baat ho rahi hai? Pata nhi kya hua h mujhe gali di thi itna pata h Faltu me pata nhi kyun baat badha rhi h wtf, itni himmat hogyi isko mahip bata raha tha ye log ma'am tak pahucha denge Toh darte toh h nhi Muh hamare paas bhi h yr iss baat ko khatam karo Vahi toh mai bhi chahti hu usko batana mat Maine bas plaksha ko itna bataya ki voh hamesha arjun arjun karti rehti h aur mujhe bolti h ki maine chin liya hamesha yahi bolti hai? Haa jab bhi aati h toh mujhe bolti h ki kya arjun tumse baat kr rha h ??? ..... mujhse nhi jar rha pata nhi kyun ek din to mujhse boli thi, "tum ghoomne jaane wale the, mujhe kyu nahi bataya?" no sense?! Aarrre yarrr secretary thodi hai na tumhari ki tum har chiz usse bataoge vahi to, kuch close dosto ko bataya tha bas, you, agrim, pratyush and akshra Vahi toh ... Ek toh pata nhi akshara ko toh rent par best friend banaya h apna ...... jab dekho tab rone ke liye hamare paas chali aati h she thinks uski ye condition tumhari vajah se hui hai, to tumhe hi sudharna hoga, no logic?! tbh aaj to ishaan uske behalf pe request karne aaya tha ki "plz mai tumhare saath baith jau? (physics period me)" Kisse??? mujhse yr Kiske sath baithna tha Annwita?? to aur kon ho sakta hai? Heyyy bhagwaan i couldn't believe ishaan iski baat maan raha hai plus vo paper bhi ishaan ne hi diya tha Wahi toh mai bol rhi hu ishaan ka bhi dimag kharab ho gya h kal puchta hu usse Plaksha se bhi dhang baat nhi kar rha Sale ki pata nhi konsi chutiyapanti chal rhi h Usse baat matt dena pls Me:- taking screenshot of this message kyu bataunga Kyunnnnnnn????? pata nahi tbh ab lag raha hai maine annwita ko zyaada sympathy dedi Exactly 💯 Finaaalllllyyyy samjh toh aayaaaa tumhe leave this i'll be writing this novel in the summer vacations Novel??? yea decided the topics Part1 - everything happened in 6th Part2 - everything happened in 7th Part3 - everything happened in 8th Hainnn bheja nhi part 1 aur 2 gonna be fun 🫡 abhi nahi likhna shuru kiya Actually suno summer vacations me meet pe aana aur batana ki 6th me kya kya hua tha Har ek detail likhna help chahiye ho toh batana chalo bye Theek Bye actually bas naam ka problem hai real name likh du kya? Rakh do 
THE DISASTER OF MIDDLE SCHOOL Aur niche likh dena
A game of friendship lets see i've got better names Like?? Isme se do best lage
The love-hate dilemma 
A twisted romance Heart Of Ice? Nahh Tired of Wanting You ? Nhiii yeh toh aisa lag rha h bhek maang rha h koi Hazy Eyes? *Hazel Jitne log involved h usme se kisi ki eyes hazel color ki nhi h "She Said No"? "I just wanna be Contigo" But annwita never said no to kya ? "He Said No" 😂 Mai HE se identify toh nhi hoti naaaa mai apni baat kar raha tha Toh kahani toh ham sabki h na ye wala thik hai Nhiiii Yeh acha h noice aur batao Kuch nhi struggling to understand maths konsa question? Q9 ii ezy hai ek baar solution pe nazar daalo, aajayega Tumhe toh sab kuch ezy lagta h Ohhhh ..... lekin deepu ne toh alag tarika se kiya tha almost same hai Lekin usne bracket nhi lagaya tha maine aise kiya hai Toh mujhe laga ek 'n' kaha chala gya oohh screenshot of the day Matlab?? shakal dekho bande ki 😂😂😂 😂😂 byeeeee see you dont need to take stress on that annwita matter, ill take care of this Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Kya karne vale ho?????? dekhta hu Sunooooooo kisi se kuch matt kaho ...... Faltu me fir voh aur royegi Chod do aage agar kuch karti h toh dekhenge as u say Ham bas reply dete h faltu me attack nhi karte Actually faltu attack toh nhi kahenge but still Bhagwaan jaane kya chahti h Good night Byee btw all the best for the test tomorrow Arrree yarrr test ka naam matt lo aise hi darr lag rha h Btw aisa matt sochna ki mai tumhe kisi chiz ke liye mana kar rha hu but it's just that I wanna fight my battle on my own aur yeh bhi h ki agar tum annwita ko iss matter ke baare me kuch bologe toh phir voh bolegi ki "ab aisa ho gya ki arjun uske liye mujhse ladne aaya h aisa kya h usme" hey! Good Evening! Good evening sup? Darrr lag rha h y? "aisa kya hai" matlab? tum me bhut kuch hai Interview h ohh! ALL THE BEST itni der me? Haa online h Thnx timeeee???? 7 thats close Chalo bye baad me baat karta hu ohk byeee all the best Thanks Ho gyaaaaaa!!!! Congrats! how was it? Okay-ish kya pucha tha'??? What is mandala art aur???? ye kaisa interview question hai? Bas hain? Pata nhi chalo, achha gaya to kya problem hai Hmm aur? sab badhiya? apna study schedule/ tricks/ time batao plz Koi schedule nhi h Jab mann ho h padh leta hu jab nhi hota tab nhi padhta Tricks kya hota h bas Ratna hota h aur kya Although mann toh kabhi nhi hota 🫡👍 ab ye dekho 🥲 Phir involve ho gye tum maine kuch nahi bola, vahi bol rahi hai Akshara vala ss bhejo arre 😅 Kya Arre?? ye kya hai? Ohhh toh at the end saari galti meri ho gyi Nice nahi vajah to mai hu join karu? Mujhse kya puch rhe ho Jo maine bataya h kuch bol matt aana vaha par ..... pretend as if tumhe kuch nhi pata ohkkk Yeh vala ss bhejo Maine mana kiya tha na??? yr tumko koi kuch bolega to mujhe bura nahi lagega kya? gusse me bol diya Arre pagal toh tum samjh nhi rhe ho Aise karoge toh blame mere upar aayega ki maine complain ki h uski tumse Voh dono mujhe blame karenge bol dunga kissi ne bataya tha Bata mai hi sakti hu yeh baat sabko pata annwita bol rahi hai ki usne tumhe kuch nahi bola, sach hai? Bhagwaan jaane Mai kya jaanu usne tumhe bola tha ya nahi? Bola tha shayad aisa vaishnavi ne bola i don't understand this And I m unable to understand what u guys r tryna do Jitna mai iss matter se dur jane ki koshish kar rhi hu utni dikkat ho rhi h sabko Tum baat samjh nhi rhe ho .... Tum involve hoge toh blame mere upar aayega aisa kyu? Jo ki Pehele se annwita ko lagta h ki meri galti h tumhari koi galati nahi hai Kaise samjha du mai tumhe Voh toh mujhe khud nhi pata theres no mistake of yours, get it? Haa samjh hi rhi hu itne dino se lekin kuch samjh me nhi aaya abhi tak mujhe to yahi nahi samajh aa raha ki matter hua kyu hai? Yeh shuru tab se hua h jabse usse pata h chala h tumhare crush ke baare me thats you Yea .... toh usse iss chiz se problem h aur usse lagta h mai tum dono ke bich me aa gyi kuch bhi? Ab yeh jakar bol matt aana nahi bolunga par ye misconception to dur karna padega na Nhiiii Tum kuch nhi bologe ohk Vaise yeh batao yea? Ab in sabme aayushi kaha se aayi?? idk pata nahi kya ho raha hai chalo byeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 i am so sorry meri vajah se tumhe ye sab jhelna pad raha hai No it's not cus of u but just that ki tum involve matt hona bas ..... baaki suspense tumhara mai summer break me clear kar dungi jaisa aap kahe byeee Bye Good night Good Evening! sup? sup? id not be able to message today, srryyy byeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Y?? Byee Good ninni bahar jana tha yr sup? Good Evening btw Ntg Good evening!! Tum chid kyun rhe ho Ja atulya tumhe bhai bol rhi h im not her "bhai" But voh janna chahti h kyun?? Matlab chid kyun rhe ho aise Kuch hua h?? Kuch bol diya usne?? bataya to im not her "bhai" khatam baat Maine bola baat khatam nhi hui h Matlab nhi hui h Mujhe nhi bataoge?? bataya to aur kaise batau? Maine pucha kyun ?? Yarrr toh chid kyun rhe ho pata nahi ???? Seedha question pucha h Seedhe Seedhe bata do Khatam Usme chidne ki kya zarurat h arre mai uska bhai nahi hu to usse correct kar raha tha bas Kyun 7th class tak jab voh bhai bolti thi tab toh kabhi nhi bola?? idk Pata tumhe sab hota h Bata rhe ho ya nhi?? jo reason tha vo batato diya ab kya hi bacha hai batane ko? That's not the reason thats only the reason Pehele tumhe koi dikkat nhi thi toh ab kyun h?? pata nahi Jhooth bolna chod do mere samne Cus u know you'll always get caught arre sahi me Mai pagal lag rhi hu?? nahi, kyu? Nhi bataoge ?? bataya to sahi me vahi reason tha i swear Theek h phir jaaoo kyu? kya hua? ? ?? Seedhe seedhe bata nhi pa rhe ho?? bataya to, aur kaise batau? sahi me yahi reason hai "Pata nhi" konsa reason hota h Aaj vaise bhi mera mood itna off h tum lad jhagad ke aur off kar do kyu? kya hogya? Kuch nhi hua tum Pehele voh batao jo mai puch rhi hu yaar bataya to Pata nhi?? Yeh konsa reason h??? idk literally Aisa konsa reason h jo tumhe batane me itni dikkat ho rhi h Pasand karte ho usse???...... soft cornered ho uske liye???? ..... kuch toh reason hoga wth, never Toh batayenge SIR arre nahi pata yr sahi me Toh phir voh bhai hi bulayegi jab tak tum reason nhi bataoge thik hai ye bhi seh lenge agar aisa hota to sabse pehle tumko pata hota Sehna kya h isme .... jab usse pasand nhi karte toh uske bhai bulane me kya dikkat h??? bas achha nahi lagta btw aapka mood kyu kharab hai? ??? Pata nhi kuch bhi? Kya kuch bhi?? koi to reason hoga??? Yehi reason h 🥲 Kya??? reason batao Bataya toh sat phir se aagaya phir se karu??? Try karke dekh lo pichli baar 20% tha, lekin iss bar karne ka man nahi kar raha, chodo u didn;t tell why the hell your mood is off? Try toh karo Kya pata increase ho iss baar ye batao pehle Pehele promise Karo kisi ko nhi bataoge (kisiko se mera matlab h plaksha) ohk done promise how can i disobey you? batao Chodo yarrr nahi, your male best friend should know why your mood is off today Jab kaam hota h tabhi plaksha ko meri yaad otherwise bas ishaan se baat krti h aur phir jab koi musibat aati h toh hi mere paas aati h aisa hai kya? doesn't seem Mujhse class me bilkul bhi baat nhi karti Aur usse toh ab farak bhi nhi padta mere gussne se Bhut lambi kahani h Jabse 8th shuru hua h tabse yeh sab ho rha h i can understand, getting ignored by your best friend Kya agrim ne tumhe ignore kr diya?? agrim kabhi mera best friend tha bhi? Ofc tha Bhai nhi h tumhara??? haa kind of bhai, cus he hated me Hated you??? har chiz me mujhe galiyata hai doesn't matter, not talking about him Arree toh yehi toh hota h bhai bhai ka pyaar achha did you too stop talking to plaksha? No But I m 😠 with her Don't tell me u r betraying me never how can i? Tumne plaksha ko ni bataya na?? nahi tumne hi to bola tha sorry aapne Ha ha pata h Plaksha ne message kiya Tha Isliye pucha whats the matter? kuch hua hai kya tum dono ke beech? Atulya se puch lena Mujhse nhi bataya jaayega ohk, itna bura hai kya? she isn't telling Leave it ..... I'll tell u later on later means? Later means when everything will settle a little ohk, hoping for the same btw you look amazing in your new profile picture Thnx chalo byeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Bye Good night hey sup? Good Evening Ntg Good evening Btw the matter is settled nice, now you can explain me what the hell was going on Ummmmmmmmm It's ntg special ohk, tell Arre Pehele tum voh chodo yeh batao haa? Ma'am tumhe bola tha ki computer lab me lunch lekar dena h Toh laya kyun nhi Batayenge sir?? sorry mummy bula li thi ma'am ne baad me bola chodd do class me hi kar lenge Have u opted for any summer camp?? first you? nope, theres no one to pick and drop me Yep which one? Sports and vocals which one in sports? Pehele football lene vala tha but ek football match dekhne ke baad basketball Lunga ab vala? lunga? Ek hi baat h yrrr aisa konsa match dekh liya?? 😳 chalo bye Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 vaise i was thinking if you could take nie, then we would be going for that movie and finally I would get time to spend with you (offline), kal batana plz i can pay for you, if you say That was a trap .... koi movie nhi dikhayenge Don't message me for some days Hey I'm back Dikha rahe the I missed you so much Did I miss anything? Nope... I think yes I am sorry for that (your fight with Ishaan) Uska roz roz ka h Nahi tabbhi, it was because of me, I'm sorryy No prob Aur batao???? I literally missed you sooo much Kuch nhi just chilling chilling doing what? Going through Pinterest 
Listening to music 
Feeling myself now thats called peace Ikr aur batao, kya plans hai? holidays ke? Ntg .... just be taking a break aur kuch plans?? Nah Don't u think u forgot smtg Ntg No, tell me? M I dead?? No, never Good Night 🌃 Good night Tum toh karoge nhi isliye mai hi kar deti hu Good morning Good Morning You have Philophobia Ummmmmmmmm.... no.......(ig) Move on kr liya h toh kya ab baat bhi nhi karoge?? Tumse bada pagal maine sach me kahi nhi dekha kasam se ? Yeh tumhe kisne kaha ki tumse baat karke mujhe acha nhi lagta h?? Mujhse Laga tha Bologe?? Vahi toh dikkat h tumhe kuch bhi lagta h Yarr thoda toh dimag ka use Kiya karo Kya pata sach bhi ho sakta hai Kya pata jhooth bhi ho sakta h?? Iss kya pata ka answer mere paas h Matlab answer jaane bina hi conclusion par kud gye Agar itne saare reasons na hote to conclusion nahi niklta For example?? Konse reasons?? Wait, trying to remember the date 23th April - When I came to you to talk about that movie thing, you were constantly trying to run away, not even listening to what I was saying
24th April - 
Me: I'm sorry Mai tumse baat nahi kar pa Raha
You: mujhe farak nahi padta
Me: haa tumhe to koi interest hi nahi hai

Agar Maine text karna band kar diya to tumne bhi band kar diya

You didn't even care to ask why

You only reply to my messages, that's it

You can't even start a conversation Cus that time I was going through a lot and I decided to give myself break from chatting with everyone did you tell me? Uss samay plaksha se ladai ho gyi thi ooohhh, got it Aur mai ussi chiz se itna pareshan thi ki mujhe kuch samjh nhi aa rha tha Cus I like keeping smgt to myself for that moment...... aur mai vaise bhi baad me bata hi deti And about 23rd ..... idk y but now talking to u in person makes me really awkward..... and also cus of all the rumors I avoid u at school And u r not even bothered to tell me that this is ur last year it is konse "rumor"? another proof you don't want to talk to me How come this proves that I don't wanna talk to u Agar baat nhi hi karni hoti toh apne aap ko explain na kr rhi hoti kya? ?? kya explain kar rahi ho apne aap ko? Kya pata .... bas laga karna chahiye isliye kr rhi hu iska reply Mujhe har koi chidhata h arjun arjun karke .... hain? kon?? 😡 Har koiii ka matlab samjh aata h na?? Aur har baar mai hi kyun sabko samjhu aur samjhau ..... mujhe samajhne ke liye toh koi nhi hota h naam batao Kyun batau .... taki tum jakar Lado??? to? Tabbhi toh blame mere upar hi aata h Ki mishika ne hamari chugli kr di isliye arjun ladne aaya tha what kind of awkwardness? Idk .... I just get awkward n that's all ik pehle awkward feel hota tha? Nhi i wanted to tell you something Hmm bolo day by day, i have started losing feelings for you,although all my efforts were going in vein I tried hard but now I've lost them Ik And it's good .... cus u deserve someone much much better than me Infact by experiencing the affection u shower I think u deserve the best girl Ek baat puchu?? haa? ?? U made me ur best friend just cus u had feelings??? No never but my care was becoming a prison for u.. sahi keh raha hu na?? kuch bhi??? Mujhe jab space chahiye hoti h toh mujhe har kisi ki care se chid machti h Itni frustration me miane uss vakt bich me mummy par bhi chila diya tbh im getting these constant thoughts that I was never worthy for you and I'll never be, even to be your best friend i think you should get someone better Those r the same things that I was thinking..... tht u r too gud for me no i was thinking the opposite of this, you are too gud for me 😳 And I was thinking the opposite of what u were thinking but i literally think you should get someone better as your bff But I literally think I shouldn't get another one and stick to the one I have why? i was becoming overprotective for you and ofc you didn't like it Cus anyone else won't be like u I never said I didn't like that .... but what I meant was that I wanna fight my own battles Sorry i was offline for a sec No prob That's what, you never needed me Even if I do ... then too I don't want I nvr needed u cus I always want u It never felt like tbh Cus u nvr tried to feel Kya tumhe lagta h mere nakhre uthane ke liye koi taiyaar hoga?? .... the case is different if it's u There are infinite possibilities, you'll surely find someone Nope I don't think so jitna patience hai tumhare andr kisi aur ke andr thodi hoga .... koi aur hota toh kabka chodkar chala gya hota Kya kar sakte hai, pyaar Insaan Ko pagal kar deta hai 😔 Bollywood movies toh tum dekhte bhi nhi ... toh bollywood movies ke dialogue kaha se seekhe?? English TV series me dekha tha, Hindi me translate kar diya 😂 Ohhhh tabhhi Dimag toh h Vaise bhi baat to sach hi hai Arree yarrr chodo yeh sab kahe lad rhe h ham log kutte biliyo ki tarah .... usse acha yeh sab bhulkar ....let's start again Kya bolte ho?? Some things can't be fixed after being broken Thank u for making me realize that I shouldn't hv loved u more  than myself Ok if u wanna pull apart then I m no one to object ur decision After all it's ur life u will decide what u want to do Bye, ab baat karne ka man nahi hai Bye Yea, I'd love to 😘 Don't force urself to be my friend I can understand y u wanna drift apart that's y I didn't force u You don't need to force After everything I am here for you ❤️ Let's start again, BFFs 4ever I see I never lost feelings for you it was just, I was feeling so bad after coming to the conclusion that u don't like talking to me(not true) I still love you and will love you forever Did plaksha tell u smtg ?? No? Bout what? she wants to talk to me? No Ntg 👍 Can we? Mujhe kuch samjh nhi aa rha h kya chal kya rha h You've seen everything going on It was just I thought I lost feelings for you and was feeling a little sad because of our past offline conversations Just this And because of this I started to ignore you(which I'm regretting now) Ohhhhhhh Yeaa sure Hey How's your day going? Sab badhiya? Haaa so far Arree btw y do u think I have philophobia??.... well it's kinda true though Ik, I'm your male best friend Like what made u believe in that?? You told me right? Noo I didn't tell u bout this You told I'm surr *sure Ohhhhhhh Aur batao all good? Rate today on a scale of 10 Yup Ummm a 6 or 7 Why??? Idk it was just so boring Tbh itna interesting to tha Plot twist 😂 Haa voh bhi h😂 Btw aap aur Plaksha kab mile the? Sabse pehle 22 april 2019 Mera first day tha school ka Ussi din ma'am ne mujhe aur plaksha ko sath me baitha diya tha yeh bolkar ki guide karegi Guide ka nhi pata but rulaya bhut h mujhe uss ladki ne 4th class me Hain? 😂 To best friends kaise bane? CMS se pehle kisme thi? Bishop Johnson Allahabad Pata nhi bas bann gye Nice yr School me pehla din kaisa Gaya tha? I mean thoda dar lag Raha hoga na? Nah first day toh bindas tha Problem uss din aayi jis din meri diary miss ho gyi aur ma'am sign karna bhul gyi Tum log 4th K me the? Yup Uss din mera kaam bhi chut gya tha aur literally bishop se cms me aakar cope up karna was really difficult Vo to hoga hi Bishop was a really easy going school like literally bas naam tha school ka vaha par hardly padhai hoti thi ... aur exams me toh teachers answer tak bata dete yhe Wth Chalo acha bye kal baat karunga.... mumma bula rhi Karunga? Chalo byeeeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Ek hi baat h Byee Good night Səni sevirəm <3 Hey! Good Morning Good morning I choose "Take it" 🙈 Well that true ?? End me likha hai na? "But this is me, Take it or Leave it" Reply de Raha tha Aur batao Badhiya? Haa ... shayad Tum?? Shayad kyu?? Haa badhiya Pata nhi Kya plans hai chuttiyo ke??? Nah How bout u?? Novel 😂 U should go to Kangaroo Trampoline Park I just got there Interview Where is it?? Tumhara chal rha h ya kisi ka le rhe ho?? Ye ladka kon h?? Aayush from Rajasthan Phone kho Gaya tha 😂😂 Mahip Ko dekho 😂😂 Nice DP 🙈 School se thoda aage Mera chal Raha hai 🗿 Pata h bheji thi usne pics Thnx Wat u doing? Ntg Joke tha yr haso 🙄 Ohhh ... hasi nhi aayi yarr 😝😜😜 😂😁 How's your day going? Isme phone kho Gaya tha, ending dekhna 😂😂 Okayish "Okayish"?😂 Btw y? Today's just really tensioning Why??? Idk Chalo byeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Bye Good night Good Morning Good morning wat u doin? Ntg .... yt shorts what else Novel ki starting kaha se karni hai? Jaha se mann ho Batao to 6th class se which incident? ye to pata hai 6th ke baare me mujhe zyada kuch pata nhi h Ek baat batau ofcourse u don't need to ask that Chodo baad me bataungi ohk Arree yarr pata nhi kyun vibhor ki badi yaad aa rhi h do teen din se ik How do u know ... i nvr told u maine toh palki ko bataya tha ik bas doubt tha message kar lo Nhii yarr uski mummy ka phone h Phone kar lo simple Arre pareshan kr rhi thi mai usse Phone kar lo Dekhta hu Do I have to answer that?? Yea Ummm dekha jaaye to depends on the girl Like for you??? Idk I nvr thought that far Soch ke batana Kya pata U still eat ice? Koi to hoga? Plaksha? Vibhor? Yup Pata nhi Kabhi itna dur tak nhi socha How does it feel like? Icecream? No no no no no It's like eating crunchy cold tasteless refreshing water Kha kar dekh lena yarr Yeh suno Btw Im now permanently working At Remotikal Haiinnn?? Sahi h Good Tumne Insta I'd banayi, bataya nahi? Nhi banayi Kuch bhi mummy Marr dalegi mujhe agar bina puche bana li Yeh kon h??? Pucho usse Yea Private account hai Abhi request Kiya hai Pakka ya toh vibhor hoga ya kusu hoga ya parth hoga Nooiiccee let's see Pata nahi Any updates?? Ki kr rhe ho vaise tum?? Kuch nahi Nah follow request bhi accept nahi Kiya Chalo byeeeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Byee Good night Tum jage hue hooo???? Ah, ha but phone ne Jaan dedi Kuch kaam tha Kya? Btw Good Morning Queen Nhi Good morning All good?? Yep Wat bout u??? Yea noice hey wat you doin? Byeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Take care Ghumne gya tha Byee Good night U too hey! btw Good Afternoon Good afternoon Kya kr rhe hoo??? ntg just a coding project, you??? Salon me baithi hu mummy ka purse pakad ke 🥲 😂 har ghar ki kahani aur batao? Aur kya hi batao bas rona aa rha h Ghar Jana h mujhe patience rakho thoda Patience???? Vahi toh nhi h Upar se yaha internet bhi nhi chal rha h just look outside and observe things Btw congrats Tum plaksha ke best friend ban gye wait, she already has Ishaan right? Well well well y don't u just ask her Hey How's your day going? Boring Let's do smtg interesting Send your location Google map pe Kyunnnn??? Ghar pe raid maroge?? Arre dur se dekh lunga bas Bhejo yr plz 😭 Shall I come ? Iss hafte me aaunga, pakka Tbh I just want to see u irl girl *Girl Aa jao I meant "in real life" Itna shortcut kyun marte ho Kya pata Chalo byeeeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 And most importantly Take Care!! Byee Good night U 2 Good Morning Good afternoon Kaha thi? Pehele toh summer camp me thi aur phir so gyi Seems it tired you a lot, chalo okie Bhut zyada Take Rest Byeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Take Care Bye bye Good night U too Good morning Good Morning Queen Arrreee pata h aaj mai gir gyi Arre kaise? Zyaada chot to nahi aayi? Nhi kuch khas nhi Tab thik hai Khel rhi thi Yea kk, take care Thnx Mera to Gazab hi chal Raha hai Mummy ne pehle bola tha chale Jana summer camp Ab bol Rahi hai mat jana Kyun?? Ek aur gazab chiz hui kal Kya?? Pata nahi Kal meri Nak se khoon nikal rha tha hain? kyu? kaise? kab? Kya pata Shaam ke time ekdum achanak se aaya tha? aise kaise? Haa Byeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Take Care!! <3 Byee Good night U too Good Morning Good morning Itni subha subha tum school me kya kr rhe ho?? Meri subah to 5:00 baje hi hogyi thi 💀 Kyunnnn😱😱 Raat me neend nahi aati aur subah neend jaldi Khul jaati hai Yaha machchad bhut hai 😭 Park h toh honge hi Neend puri ho jaati h ?? Nahhh Slept at around 11:30 And wake up at 5 5.5 hours ki sleep Basss Haa Neend nhi aa rhi?? Nahh How many hours you sleep?? 10:30 - 6:00 Mujhe tabbhi neend aa rhi 💀 Iska kya matlab?? My reaction to this Audi Guards nhi h?? Hai Toh rok rhi rhe?? Arre yr guard bol rahe the kaha ghoom rahe ho + teachers thi Haa par Mai chala gaya Lekin ab nahi Jaa paunga Kyun?? Savita Ma'am thi Tum Audi me Yun ghum rhe ho ghumne hi h toh kisi achi jagah jao Back here Jaa rhe ho?? Ghar? Nahh Mai 10 baje tak Ruk jau kya? Jaisa mann Rukne ka mann h toh ruk jao Mera to man hai Toh ruk jao Aapse bhi to milna hai 🙃 Jii School aana to jaijagat wale side se aana Ok? Andar aa jao school ke Arre jaijagat park me aana photo khich lenge Plz Ok?? Thanks cutie 🙃 aaj pata hai kya hai? Byeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Take Care <3 Byeeeeeee Good Night 🌃 Səni sevirəm <3 Take Care <3 i am sorry for that photo thing, this wouldn't be repeated, i never intended to make up a bad image of myself in front of you, please forgive me, I have already deleted that photo from my phone Hiii 6th class ke model class ka matter h???? Hai???? Ma'am ko bhejna h urgent h, hai toh batao Yeh kya chal rha h tumhara??? U owe me an explanation really? on what topic? Peheli chiz tum khud toh annwita ki tarah victimising ho gye ho aur plaksha ko b bana diya h ...... dusri chiz pata nhi kya kehte ho tum usse roz ki voh depressed hoti Jaa rhi ...... aisi konsi patthi padha rhe ho usse??? will continue this tomorrow I don't need your appointment Sunn moment chal rha abi plaksha ko disturb matt karo Isse mujhe kya samjhna chahiye?? let me guess, you don’t want to read the whole of it? ik, so here's a summary of it - Happy Birthday Mishika! You are the most beautiful girl I know of or I could think of and, you are just really worthy🌟 of anything in the world.

^^main message starts here^^

after staying with you for an year and a half, I can surely say you, yes YOU! are just too good✨! like for everything, I have noticed you excel in everything, like literally how can anyone balance everything? i just love these personality traits in you - loving, caring, annoying(sometimes), humorous(all-times, you need to accept it) and understanding(I don’t need to explain this one)🙌. you know? i used to share my deepest secrets to our wildest dreams (I mean everything, in short, actually i told the right person who helped me in my dark times), remember 9th Feb? let me give you a hint - 🍫! one thing is sure, i don't think i will ever get the same vibes with anyone else i got from you! thanks for that too

i can’t stop myself from mentioning that you were looking so gorgeous today 💁👗!

at the end I just want to say - THANK YOU! for coming into my life and SORRY! for everything wrong I have done. 

Happy Birthday Mishika! you truly deserve all the wonders this world has to offer. and I wish you another year of prosperity, happiness, and peace (mentally and physically). after all, your birthday is the first day of another 365-day journey - make it memorable!

I never took you for granted and lived every moment with you like it was an extra. I thank you for coming into my life and making it a better one.

Happy Birthday Mishika! 🎉🎂 Thank u so much ..... i appreciate ur effort that u wrote h paragraph for me It was completely unexpected tho Sunooo Yea? Has ur father seen any kind of chat of u and vaish ..... cus she is really tensed about it and if it's a prank then pls break the act Hii..... ik its weird but happy birthday first of all .... and like ... uhhh mmm lemmi start from the beginning I had a talk to ishaan about u ... ig u have those ss .... I did say multiple things in that ... well i was angry [mtlb maine kuch b keh rakha h usme uske baad b jab mai shant ho gyi thi tab mai ishaan se phir baat ki thi aur sab sach sach ache se bina exaggerate kiye bataya tha ] then .... well I'll not explain myself cus explaining makes things look more obvious but its just tat ishaan made ne realise what  u went through cus of me .... I wanted to apologise... I m sorry for wat i did .... I had confusions with my feelings and u were the one who suffered cus of it I m really sorry ..... its completely fine and obvious for u to not forgive me but atleast had to do what was right..... once again happy birthday.... [not like mai tumhara bday bhul gyi thi isliye 11:59 pr wish kiya but maine yeh plan kiya tha kyun matt puchna cus voh meko b nhi pata bas dimag me idea aaya aur maine kr diya bhut fuddu idea h ik ] Hola! 👋

Let's start with the most obvious but not so obvious things - it's 177 days since we spoke to each other. Not so obvious, right? 

Now with the obvious and obvious things. I know you think that I never loved you seriously but that is literally not true! You think I'm a playboy but trust me I really love u more than I do for myself. Aur ab tumhe lagega ki mai ye har ladki se kehta hu lekin nahi ye sirf tumhare liye hi h. Kasam se aise text kisi ko nahi kiye aur agar maine kiya bhi hai toh voh sab mazaak tha but what I did for u were my true feelings. Ab ye mat sochna ki mai tumhe blame kar raha hu,  I'm resolving the misconceptions you had about me. 

This is gotta be strange for you but I STILL have a crush on you. Ah yes, let me guess your reaction "iss sab ke baad bhi? Pagal ho kya?". Haa mai hu... 

You don't need to apologize for anything. You're just perfect the way you are. Never let anyone destroy that. That's your personal brand. That's what you are. A lovely sweet girl. 

A long time ago you asked me if I really had "edit videos" of you on my phone, as you guessed I said no and tried everything to oppose the situation. But there's a different story going on here.

It feels like a year ago the last time I saw you. I know you weren't in tune the last time I called you. I hope that you think of me. I'm just a normal boy who is afraid of showing his emotions, afraid of making new friends, afraid of connecting with people, afraid of feeling what I felt for you again.

I'm sorry for making you uncomfortable. I know very well you are independent and I should've respected that. 

I don't think I will ever get the same feelings with anyone else I got from you. Thanks for everything!

Countless letters, rhyming poems, edit videos, photos, and what not! All these things sing the same song. 

Wanna hear it? 

I love you Mishika ❣️ 😊💛[tbh i m speechless]..... let me tell u one more reason y I stopped talking to u which is the most accurate one [in my perspective] I don't like hiding things with my mumma and all the convos we had I had to hide it from my mumma and it might be weird but jo chiz meko mumma se chipani pade voh mere liye galat h ..... my mum knows about each and every affair going on in the school except for isha and palki I told my mother about you! I knew the feelings I had for you were permanent❤️ Well but I m asexual ..... i can never fall in love [for real ] Ye sab kya hai? 😌🙊 Confusion of feelings It took me time to realize Or was it just that you liked me that time? But that's what love is Umm.. Do you still hate me? Just confusion .... i was exploring life and realized that smtg is not normal about me I nvr hated u I was always neutral Meko bas "USS" attention se chid machti thi aur unn baato se jo mahip karta tha Seems like we have a common enemy I can't thank you enough for talking today! I just can't express.. 

Thank you so much! We will continue this some other time Yea sure Mention not Happy Birthday, Diy- Mishika! (I’ve lost the authority to say that) 🎉🎂

And yes, I know I'm an hour and 22 minutes early.

Of course, the summary comes before anything else — Happy Birthday, Mishika. You are the most beautiful girl I know of or could think of, and you truly deserve everything wonderful in the world. I wanted to take a moment to share something heartfelt with you.

^^^ main message starts here ^^^

From the time we’ve spent together, I’ve realized just how amazing you are. Your character, your smile, and the way you bring light into every room (of course, your nickname very well suggests that) — it’s all truly awesome. ✨

I’ve always felt like I should’ve told you how much you mean to me when I had the chance. 🎈

(continued...) (continued...)

Thinking back on our memories, I realize that I wanted to hold you close in a hopeless romance, and now, I see how you’ve become a part of my dreams. Quite literally, I have a version of you who talks to me when I’m feeling down. And yes, I named her — I know you know it very well!

“I told my mother about you! I knew the feelings I had for you were permanent.” ❤️

I’ve faced my own struggles, fears and nightmares, and sometimes I’ve found it hard to sleep because I was afraid of losing you. I never wanted it to end — that connection between us. 🌙

So today, on your birthday, THANK YOU for being a part of my life. You have meant more to me than words can express. I just can’t mind myself saying this to you.

I’m REALLY SORRY for any pain I may have caused, and I hope you can forgive me. You deserve all the happiness in the world, and I wish you a year filled with love, joy, and everything your heart desires. 💖

I know I'm being needy and it feels awkward, but all my attention is fixed on you and I actually can’t help it. I know that my actions might come off as strange, and I’m pretty sure you don’t want to read this. I don’t even blame you, but please open the link attached. I’ve got something I want to show you. This has taken me more than 40 hours to build, writing the code line by line. I hope you will like it. 💌

And a few points to mention: open it after midnight and there will be something special on the homepage. At the bottom is a game sort of, so make sure to play and click on the button that opens, and then on the last page of the memories — there is something special, very special. Thanks.

Happy Birthday, Diy… not again!
Happy Birthday, Mishika! or should I say, the perfect creation of God? 🎂

I hope your day is as wonderful as you are, and that the year ahead is filled with all the incredible things you deserve.

With all my love, from the boy you hate — to a girl I care deeply about,
Best wishes for your special day,
Arjun.